ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or market products in the UnitedStates and most other countries of the world. Our principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural gas; manufacture, trade, transport and saleof crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and other new business opportunities,including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima resin systems, carbon materials, low-carbon data centers, and lithium.Affiliates of ExxonMobil conduct extensive research programs in support of these businesses.
Exxon Mobil Corporation's divisions and affiliates have many names, including ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil or XTO. For convenience and simplicity, in this report theterms ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil, and XTO, as well as terms like Corporation, Company, our, we, and its, are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specificaffiliates or groups of affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.
The energy and petrochemical industries are highly competitive, both within the industries and also with other industries in supplying the energy, fuel, and chemical needs ofindustrial and individual consumers. Certain industry participants, including ExxonMobil, are expanding the scope of investments in lower-emission energy and emission-reduction services and technologies. The Corporation competes with other firms in the sale or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and internationalmarkets and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate for such purposes.
Operating data and industry segment information for the Corporation are contained in the Financial Section of this report under the following: “Management's Discussion andAnalysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Business Results” and Note 3. Information on oil and gas reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” partof the “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of the Financial Section of this report.
ExxonMobil has a long-standing commitment to the development of proprietary technology. We have a wide array of research programs designed to meet the needs identifiedin each of our businesses. ExxonMobil held over 8 thousand active patents worldwide at the end of 2025. Although technology is an important contributor to the overalloperations and results of our Company, the profitability of each business segment is not dependent on any individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license, franchise, orconcession.
ExxonMobil operates in a highly complex, competitive, and changing global energy business environment where decisions and risks play out over time horizons that are oftendecades in length. This long-term orientation underpins the Corporation's philosophy on talent development.
Talent development begins with recruiting exceptional candidates and continues with individually planned experiences and training designed to facilitate broad developmentand a deep understanding of our business across the business cycle. Our career-oriented approach to talent development results in strong retention and an average length ofservice of about 30 years for our career employees. Compensation, benefits, and workplace programs support the Corporation's talent management approach, and are designedto attract and retain employees for a career through compensation that is market competitive, long-term oriented, and highly differentiated by individual performance.
With over 59 percent of our global employees from outside the U.S. and more than 160 nationalities represented across the Company, we encourage and respect diversity ofthought, ideas, and perspective from our workforce. We are focused on building an engaged, global workforce; grounded in meritocracy, we strive to have every employeereach their potential over a long-term career by providing unrivaled opportunities for personal and professional growth through impactful work meeting society's essentialneeds.
The number of regular employees was 58 thousand, 61 thousand, and 62 thousand at years ended 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Regular employees are defined as activeexecutive, management, professional, technical, administrative, and wage employees who work full time or part time for the Corporation and are covered by the Corporation’sbenefit plans and programs.
As discussed in Item 1A in this report, compliance with existing and potential future government regulations, including taxes, environmental regulations, and other governmentregulations and policies that directly or indirectly affect the production and sale of our products, may have material effects on the capital expenditures, earnings, andcompetitive position of ExxonMobil. For additional information on the Corporation's worldwide environmental expenditures, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial Condition and Results of Operations: Environmental Matters" in the Financial Section of this report.
Information concerning the source and availability of raw materials used in the Corporation’s business, the extent of seasonality in the business, the possibility of renegotiationof profits or termination of contracts at the election of governments, and risks attendant to foreign operations may be found in Item 1A and Item 2 in this report.
TM
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments tothose reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made available through our website as soon as reasonably practical afterwe electronically file or furnish the reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also available on the Corporation’s website are the Company’s CorporateGovernance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and additional policies as well as the charters of the audit, compensation, and other committees of the Board ofDirectors. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report.
The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronicallywith the SEC.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
ExxonMobil’s financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses and the pursuit of lower-emission andother new business opportunities. Many of these risk factors are not within the Company’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial and operating results,or our financial condition. These risk factors include:
Supply and Demand
The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are fundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations and earnings may be significantly affected bychanges in oil, gas, and petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas, petrochemical, and product prices and margins in turn depend on local,regional, and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity or product. Any material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have amaterial adverse effect on the Company’s operations, results, financial condition, and proved reserves, especially in the Upstream segment. On the other hand, a materialincrease in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations and results, especially in the Energy Products, Chemical Products, andSpecialty Products segments. Our pursuit of lower-emission and other new business opportunities, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima resin systems, carbon materials, low-carbon data centers, and lithium also depends on the growth and development of markets for those productsand services, including implementation of supportive and stable government policies and developments in existing and new technology to enable those products and services tobe provided on a cost-effective basis at commercial scale. See “Climate Change and Energy Transition” in this Item 1A.
Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals is generally linked closely with broad-based economic activities and levels of prosperity. The occurrence ofeconomic downturns, recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our results. Other factors that affect generaleconomic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates or living standards, periods of civil unrest or armed hostilities, escalatinggeopolitical volatility, government regulation or austerity programs, national or regional trade tariffs, trade sanctions or trade controls, international monetary and currencyexchange rate fluctuations, decoupling of economies, disruption, realignment, or breaking of current or historical trade or military alliances or global trade or supply chainnetworks, changes in international trade patterns or shipping routes, or a broader breakdown in global trade, security or public health, can also impact the supply and demandfor energy and petrochemicals. Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, extended government shutdowns, inability to access debt markets due to rating, banking, or legalconstraints, liquidity crises, market bubbles and corrections, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, de-dollarizationin global trade or the growth or use of alternative common currencies, and other events or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets and institutions also poserisks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of our financial assets and to the ability of our partners, suppliers, and customers to fulfill their commitments to ExxonMobil.Our future business, including earnings, cash flows, and financing needs, may also be affected by the occurrence, severity, pace, and rate of recovery of future public healthepidemics or pandemics or other natural or human events beyond our control; the responsive actions taken by governments and others; and the resulting effects on regional andglobal markets and economies.
Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas, petrochemicals or our other products, and therefore our results, include technologicalimprovements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns; increased competitiveness of, or government policy support for, alternative energy sources or potentialsubstitutes for our products; changes in technology that alter fuel choices, such as technological advances in energy storage or other critical areas that make wind, solar, nuclear,or other alternatives more competitive for power generation; government actions to increase strategic reserves to enhance energy security; increased demand for artificialintelligence (AI), including the construction and expansion of AI data centers; changes in customer or consumer preferences for our products, including consumer demand foralternative-fueled or electric transportation or alternatives to plastic products; and broad-based changes in personal income levels. See also “Climate Change and EnergyTransition” below.
TM
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a number of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from thedevelopment of new or previously inaccessible oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance recovery from existing sources tends to reduce commodity prices to theextent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity relative todemand tend to reduce margins on the affected products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such asthe level of, and adherence by, participating countries to production quotas established by OPEC or OPEC+ and other agreements among sovereigns; government policies,including actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that restrict oil and gas production or increase associated production, reporting or compliance costs; collectiveactions by non-governmental organizations and financial institutions to withhold funding or support from oil and gas producers; the occurrence of wars or hostile actions,including disruption of land or sea transportation routes; natural disasters; disruptions in competitors’ operations; and logistics constraints or unexpected unavailability ofdistribution channels that may disrupt supplies. There also may be new or emerging factors that could increase global oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels in the short orlong term, such as government policies and actions intended to boost or expand development of domestic or foreign oil and gas reserves or accelerate the pace of productionreaching markets, including access to previously unavailable, sanctioned, or protected oil and gas resources or the availability or opening of new shipping routes. Dynamic andunpredictable world events may lead to new oil and gas opportunities becoming available or current opportunities becoming less available or unavailable, and such events mayadversely affect our business and results. Technological change can also alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce and refine oil and gas, and to manufacturepetrochemicals.
Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to potential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates,changes in usage of the U.S. dollar in global trade, and other local or regional market conditions. In addition to direct potential impacts on our costs and revenues, marketfactors such as rates of inflation may indirectly impact our results to the extent such factors reduce general rates of economic growth and therefore energy demand, as discussedunder “Economic conditions.” Market factors may also result in losses from commodity derivatives and other instruments we use to hedge price exposures or for commodityand treasury trading activities. Additional information regarding the potential future impact of market factors on our businesses is included or incorporated by reference underItem 7A in this report.
Government and Political Factors
ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by political or regulatory developments affecting our businesses or operations.
Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, including by restricting leasing, licensing, or permitting activities directly or indirectlythrough the influence on these processes by well-funded local or international groups opposing the development of these resources. They also may place resources off-limitsfrom development altogether. Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent governments view such measures as a viable approach for pursuing nationaland global energy, security, and climate policies. Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high commodity prices or whennational governments may have less need for outside sources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or export of certain products based on point of origin,and such restrictions may increase during periods of escalating geopolitical or trade tensions.
Restrictions on doing business. ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the United States and by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibitExxonMobil or its affiliates from doing business in certain countries or with certain counterparties or restrict or impede the kind of business that may be conducted, includingacquiring and divesting certain assets or importing or exporting certain materials or products. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who maynot be subject to comparable restrictions.
Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do, or seek to do, business lack well-developed legal systems, lack political or governmental stability, may be subject toregime changes, have not yet adopted clear legal frameworks, may be unable to maintain clear regulatory frameworks in the face of pressure on their systems from well-fundedlocal or international groups opposing development of their resources, or may have evolving and unharmonized standards that vary or conflict across jurisdictions. Lack of legalcertainty exposes us to increased risk of adverse or unpredictable actions by government officials, may reduce our ability to comply timely or cost-effectively with evolvingstandards or requirements, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. In some cases, these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate disputesin an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to enforce an award.
Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law or interpretationor enforcement of settled law, including changes that result from concerted efforts to increase our legal exposure by groups opposed to the products we provide or internationaltreaties and accords or changes by local jurisdictions encroaching on national regulatory frameworks or global issues or changes resulting from imposition of extraterritoriallaws and regulations, and changes in government policy or priorities that could adversely affect our results, such as:
• increases or changes in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates, including retroactive claims, punitive taxes on oil, gas and petrochemical operations, windfall profittaxes, or global minimum taxes;
• price controls;
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
• changes in environmental, advertising, insurance or other regulations or laws that penalize us for past or current production of legal and/or permitted products andoperations, increase our cost of operation or compliance or reduce or delay available business opportunities, including changes in laws or regulations affecting offshoredrilling operations, standards to complete decommissioning, standards for water use or availability, production of our products, emissions, hydraulic fracturing, orproduction or use of new or recycled plastics, as well as laws and regulations affecting trading, carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and ammonia, lower-emissionfuels, Proxxima resin systems, carbon materials, low-carbon data centers, or lithium;
• actions by governments, policy-makers, regulators, or other actors to delay or deny necessary licenses and permits, restrict the availability of oil and gas leases,investment opportunities, or the transportation or export of our products, pause, reduce, or retract government incentives for emissions reductions, disrupt or impactreliability as a result of policy decisions on types and pricing of energy available, or otherwise require changes in the Company's business or strategy that could resultin reduced returns;
• regulatory interpretations that exclude or disfavor our products under government policies or programs intended to support new or developing markets or technologies,or that otherwise are not technology-neutral;
• adoption of regulations mandating efficiency standards, emission standards, procurement standards, the use of alternative fuels, or uncompetitive fuel components;
• use of regulatory or legal standards by any nation or supranational body as a foreign policy tool;
• unstable policies or shifting regulations impacting new or emerging markets;
• adoption of disclosure regulations that could create competitive disadvantages, require us to incur disproportionate costs, increase legal risk due to a need to rely onuncertain estimates or extrapolations (such as emissions of third parties) and lack of uniform standards across jurisdictions, require us to make statements we disagreewith, or require us to disclose competitively sensitive commercial information or to violate the non-disclosure laws of other countries; and
• government actions to cancel contracts, redenominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations, impose unwarranted penalties, renegotiate termsunilaterally, expropriate assets, or compel a change in production plans.
Legal remedies available to compensate us for expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.
We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation, including class actions or arbitrations, especially in countries such as the United States that permit large andunpredictable punitive and non-economic damage awards. Other jurisdictions adopting similar models to impose liability schemes on our products or operations may presentsimilar risks. We also may be adversely affected by government investigations or enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or bystate and local government actors as well as private plaintiffs acting in parallel that attempt to use the legal system to promote public policy agendas (including seeking toreduce the production and sale of hydrocarbon products through litigation targeting the Company or other industry participants), gain political notoriety, or obtain monetaryawards from the Company. The continued adoption of similar legal practices in the European Union or elsewhere would broaden this risk.
Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, military conflict, acts of sabotage, piracy, terrorism, cybersecurityattacks, the application of national security laws or policies that result in restricting our ability to do business in a particular jurisdiction or region, strikes or protests, and otherlocal, national, regional, or global security concerns. Such concerns may be directed specifically at our Company, our industry, or as part of broader movements and mayrequire us to incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations for a period of time.
TM
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Climate Change and Energy Transition
Net-zero scenarios. Driven by concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, broad-reaching regulatoryframeworks seeking to report on or reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including emissions from the production and use of oil and gas and their products, as well as increase theuse of, or support for, different emission-reduction technologies. These actions are being taken both independently by national and regional governments and within theframework of United Nations Conference of the Parties summits under which many countries of the world have endorsed objectives to reduce the atmospheric concentration ofcarbon dioxide (CO2) over the coming decades, with an ambition ultimately to achieve “net zero.” Net zero means that emissions of greenhouse gases from human activitieswould be balanced by actions that remove such gases from the atmosphere. Expectations for transition of the world’s energy system to lower-emission sources, and ultimatelynet-zero, derive from hypothetical scenarios that reflect many assumptions about the future, including supportive policy and technology advancements, and reflect substantialuncertainties. The Company seeks opportunities to play a leading role in the energy transition, including the Company’s announced ambition ultimately to achieve net zero withrespect to Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our operated assets with continued technology development and government policy support, which carries risks that the transition,including underlying technologies, government policies, and markets as discussed in more detail below, will not be available or develop at the pace or in the manner expectedby current net-zero scenarios. Without supportive policies and the innovations they drive, net zero will remain out of reach – for society and for ExxonMobil. Society’s progresscontinues to lag in these areas. The success of our strategy in a lower-emissions future will also depend on our ability to recognize key signposts of changes in the global energysystem on a timely basis, and our corresponding ability to direct investment to the technologies and businesses, at the appropriate stage of development, to best capitalize on ourcompetitive strengths.
Greenhouse gas restrictions. Government actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, carbon accounting,carbon-based import duties or other trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency standards, mandates forsales of electric vehicles, restrictions on sales of gasoline-only vehicles, mandates for disclosure of plans to reduce emissions or reduce the use or production of certainproducts, mandates for use of specific fuels or technologies, and other incentives or mandates designed to support certain technologies for transitioning to lower-emissionenergy sources. Political actors, non-governmental organizations, and their agents also increasingly seek to collectively advance climate change objectives indirectly, such as byseeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of financing and investment in the oil and gas sector. These actions include delaying or blocking needed infrastructure,utilizing shareholder governance mechanisms against companies or their shareholders or financial institutions in an effort to deter investment in oil and gas activities, andtaking other actions intended to promote changes in business strategy for oil and gas companies. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, such policies couldnegatively affect our investment returns, make our hydrocarbon-based products more expensive or less competitive, lengthen project implementation times, and reduce demandfor hydrocarbons, as well as shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon alternatives. Current, pending, and potential greenhouse gas regulations or policies mayalso increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or sequestering emissions and complying with increased or mandatory disclosure or due diligence requirements andgovernment-mandated energy transition plans.
Technology and lower-emission solutions. Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and ultimately achieve net zero will require new technologies andadded infrastructure to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of solutions to reduce emissions, as well as technologies such as carbon capture and storage (CCS). CCStechnologies, focused initially on capturing and sequestering CO2 emissions from high-carbon intensity industrial activities, can assist in meeting society’s objective to mitigateatmospheric greenhouse gas levels while also helping to ensure the availability of the reliable and affordable energy the world requires. ExxonMobil has established a LowCarbon Solutions (LCS) business unit and is continuing efforts in our existing businesses to advance the development and deployment of these technologies and projects,including CCS, hydrogen and ammonia, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima resin systems, advanced energy-saving materials, low-carbon data centers, lithium, and othertechnologies. The Company’s efforts include both in-house research and development as well as collaborative efforts with leading universities and with commercial partnersinvolved in new energy technologies. Our future results and ability to grow our business, help others meet their emission-reduction goals, and succeed in a lower-emissionsfuture will depend in part on the success of these research and collaboration efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model toproviding the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner.
TM
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Policy and market development. The scale of the world’s energy system means that, in addition to developments in technology as discussed above, meeting society's needsfor energy and reducing emissions will require appropriate support from governments and private participants throughout the global economy. Our ability to develop anddeploy CCS and other new energy technologies at commercial scale, and the growth and future returns of LCS and other emerging businesses in which we invest, will dependin part on the development of stable and supportive government policies and markets. Failure or delay of these policies or markets to materialize or be maintained couldadversely impact or delay these investments. Policy and other actions that result in restricting the availability of hydrocarbon products without a commensurate reduction indemand may have unpredictable adverse effects, including increased commodity price volatility; periods of significantly higher commodity prices and resulting inflationarypressures; and local or regional energy shortages. Such effects in turn may depress economic growth or lead to rapid or conflicting shifts in policy by different actors, withresulting adverse effects on our businesses. In addition, the existence of supportive policies in any jurisdiction is not a guarantee that those policies will continue in the future.See also the discussion of “Supply and Demand,” “Government and Political Factors,” and “Operational and Other Factors” in this Item 1A.
Operational and Other Factors
In addition to external economic and political factors, our future business results also depend on our ability to successfully manage those factors that are, at least in part, withinour control, including our investment into existing and new businesses. The extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. Forprojects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.
Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts.Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise to bringdiscovered resources online as scheduled and within budget.
Project and portfolio management. The long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream and Product Solutions businesses, as well as the future success of LCS and otheremerging investments, depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects. These projects in turn require a high degree of project management expertise to maximizeefficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers,customers, or others; protect and enforce our contractual and legal rights, including with our joint venture partners, host governments, and others; model and optimize reservoirperformance and production reliability; develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the development of effective spot markets; qualify forcertain incentives available under supportive government policies for emerging markets and technologies; manage changes in operating conditions and costs, including costs ofthird-party equipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping, supply chain disruptions, and inflationary cost pressures; prevent, to the extent possible, and respondeffectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project start-up, incur or escalate costs, or cause unscheduled project downtime; and influence the performanceof project operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. In addition to the effective management of individual projects, ExxonMobil’s success, including our abilityto mitigate risk and provide attractive returns to shareholders, depends on our ability to successfully manage our overall portfolio, including diversification among types andlocations of our projects, products produced, and strategies to acquire or divest assets. We may not be able to acquire or divest assets at a price or on the timeline wecontemplate in our strategies. Additionally, we may retain certain liabilities following a divestment and could be held liable for past use or for different liabilities thananticipated, including reversion of decommissioning or other liabilities upon bankruptcy or other default of successors in title.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government paymenttransparency reports.
Operational efficiency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive performance, especially given the commodity-based nature of many of our businesses, is ourability to operate efficiently, including our ability to manage expenses, improve production yields on an ongoing basis, and successfully integrate and achieve the anticipatedsynergies of acquisitions. This requires continuous management focus, including technology integration and improvements, cost control, productivity enhancements,harmonizing functions, policies, procedures and processes, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio, and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber employees.
Research and development and technological change. To maintain our competitive position, especially in light of the technological nature of our businesses, the dynamic andrapidly evolving technological landscape, and the need for continuous efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s technology, research, and development organizations must besuccessful and able to adapt to a changing market, regulatory, and policy environment, both nationally and internationally, including continuous improvement in the efficiencyof hydraulic fracturing technology and developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. To remain competitive, we must also continuously adapt and capturethe benefits of new and emerging technologies, such as AI, including successfully applying advances in the ability to process and integrate large amounts of data to ourbusinesses and decision-making processes.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Safety, business controls, and risk management. Our results depend on management’s ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, as wellas potential risks related to new energy and other technologies, to effectively control our business activities, including trading, and to minimize the potential for human error.We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus on workplace safety, spills avoidance, and other adverse environmental events. For example, we work tominimize spills through a combined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection andsurveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies and adopting new operating practices to reduce emissions, not only in response to governmentrequirements but also to address community priorities. We employ a robust and actively evolving enterprise risk management system to identify and manage risk across ourbusinesses. We also maintain a disciplined framework of internal controls and apply a controls management system for monitoring compliance with this framework. Substantialliabilities and other adverse impacts could result if we do not timely identify and mitigate applicable risks, or if our management systems and controls do not function asintended.
Cybersecurity. ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of sources including state-sponsored actors. See Item 1C in this report forinformation on ExxonMobil’s program for managing cybersecurity risks. If the measures we are taking to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or ifour proprietary data is otherwise not protected, ExxonMobil, as well as our customers, employees, or third parties, could be adversely affected. We have limited ability toinfluence third parties, including our partners, suppliers, and service providers (including providers of cloud-hosting services for our data or applications), to implement strongcybersecurity controls and are exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect their operations. Cybersecurity disruptions could cause physical harm topeople or the environment; damage or destroy assets; compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result in employee,customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt our business operations. We could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of a majorcybersecurity disruption in addition to costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigation, or reputational harm.
Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, human error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage our offshoreproduction facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants in vulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed, engineered, constructed, and operated to withstand a variety ofextreme climatic and other conditions, with safety factors built in to cover a number of uncertainties, including those associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marineice flow patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rainfall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of changing weatherconditions and inclusion of safety factors in design cover the engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially introduce. Our ability to mitigatethe adverse impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering, our rigorous disaster preparedness and response, and businesscontinuity planning.
Insurance limitations. The ability of the Corporation to insure against many of the risks it faces as described in this Item 1A is limited by the availability and cost of coverage,which may not be economic, as well as the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient.
Competition. As noted in Item 1 above, the energy and petrochemical industries are highly competitive. We face competition not only from other private firms, but also fromstate-owned companies that are increasingly competing for opportunities outside of their home countries and as partners with other private firms. In some cases, these state-owned companies may pursue opportunities in furtherance of strategic, national, or supranational objectives of their government owners, with less focus on financial returnsthan companies owned by private shareholders, such as ExxonMobil. Technology and expertise provided by industry service companies or AI may also enhance thecompetitiveness of firms that may not have the internal resources and capabilities of ExxonMobil or reduce the need for resource-owning countries to partner with private-sector oil and gas companies in order to monetize national resources. As described in more detail above, our hydrocarbon-based energy products are also subject to growingand, in many cases, government-supported competition from alternative energy sources. In addition, as we enter new markets in pursuit of lower-emission and other newbusiness opportunities, we will need to compete effectively with established competitors in these markets, as well as with new market entrants seeking to capitalize on theseopportunities, while successfully navigating changing market conditions or technologies.
Reputation. Our reputation is an important corporate asset. Factors that could have a negative impact on our reputation include an operating incident or significantcybersecurity disruption; changes in consumer views concerning our products; changes in consumer media preferences from traditional mainstream media to decentralized andpersonalized media; a perception by investors or others that the Corporation is making insufficient progress with respect to our ambition to play a leading role in the energytransition, or that pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with reduced returns; divergent and evolving societal views and investor pressuresregarding a future energy transition; and other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts on our reputation could in turn make it more difficultfor us to compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, and attract talent, or they could reduce customer or consumerdemand for our branded products. ExxonMobil’s reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect the image of our industry as a whole.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 1C, 2, 5, 7, and 7A of this report are forward-lookingstatements. Actual future results, including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs, and business plans could differ materially due to, among otherthings, the factors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
The Corporation recognizes the importance of cybersecurity in achieving its business objectives, safeguarding its assets, and managing its daily operations. Accordingly, theCorporation integrates cybersecurity risks into its overall enterprise risk management system. The Audit Committee oversees the Corporation’s risk management approach andstructure, which includes an annual review of the Corporation’s cybersecurity program.
The Corporation’s cybersecurity program is managed by the Corporation’s Vice President of Information Technology (IT), with support from cross-functional teams led byExxonMobil IT and operational technology (OT) cybersecurity operations managers (collectively, Cybersecurity Operations Managers). The Cybersecurity OperationsManagers are responsible for the day-to-day management and effective functioning of the cybersecurity program, including the prevention, detection, investigation, andresponse to cybersecurity threats and incidents. The Cybersecurity Operations Managers collectively have many years of experience in cybersecurity operations.
IT management provides regular reports to the Corporation’s senior management throughout the year, and to the Audit Committee or the Board of Directors, as appropriate, inits annual cybersecurity review. Such reports typically address, among other things, the Corporation’s cybersecurity strategy, initiatives, key security metrics, penetration testingand benchmarking learnings, and business response plans as well as the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape.
The Corporation’s cybersecurity program includes multi-layered technological capabilities designed to prevent and detect cybersecurity disruptions and leverages industrystandard frameworks, including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. The cybersecurity program incorporates an incident responseplan to engage cross-functionally across the Corporation and report cybersecurity incidents to appropriate levels of management, including senior management, and the AuditCommittee or Board of Directors, based on potential impact. The Corporation conducts annual cybersecurity awareness training and routinely tests cybersecurity awareness andbusiness preparedness for response and recovery, which are developed based on real-world threats. In addition, the Corporation exchanges threat information withgovernmental and industry groups and proactively engages independent, third-party cybersecurity experts to test, evaluate, and recommend improvements on the effectivenessand resiliency of its cybersecurity program through penetration testing, breach assessments, regular cybersecurity incident drill testing, threat information sharing, and industrybenchmarking. The Corporation takes a risk-based approach with respect to its third-party service providers, tailoring processes according to the nature and sensitivity of thedata or systems accessed by such third-party service providers, and performing additional risk screenings and procedures, as appropriate.
As of the date of this report, we have not identified any risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materiallyaffected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Corporation, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.
While the Corporation believes its cybersecurity program to be appropriate for managing constantly evolving cybersecurity risks, no program can fully protect against allpossible adverse events. For additional information on these risks and potential consequences if the measures we are taking prove to be insufficient or if our proprietary data isotherwise not protected, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors: Operational and Other Factors -- Cybersecurity” in this report.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Information with regard to oil and gas producing activities follows:
1. Disclosure of Reserves
A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at Year-End 2025
The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved reserves in each geographic area and by product type for consolidated subsidiaries and equity companies. Natural gas isconverted to an oil-equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. The Corporation has reported proved reserves on the basis of the average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the last 12-month period. No major discovery or other favorable or adverse event has occurred since December 31, 2025, that wouldcause a significant change in the estimated proved reserves as of that date.
Proved Reserves CrudeOil Natural GasLiquids Bitumen SyntheticOil NaturalGas
Oil-EquivalentTotalAll Products
(million bbls) (million bbls) (million bbls) (million bbls) (billion cubic ft) (million bbls)
Developed Consolidated Subsidiaries United States 1,552 1,075 — — 11,206 4,495 Canada/Other Americas 586 1 2,230 288 356 3,164 Europe 3 — — — 338 60 Africa 185 — — — 111 204 Asia 1,871 44 — — 2,010 2,251 Australia/Oceania 32 6 — — 3,057 548
Total Consolidated 4,229 1,126 2,230 288 17,078 10,722
Equity Companies United States 5 3 — — 48 16 Europe 2 — — — 207 36 Africa 7 — — — 775 136 Asia 462 134 — — 4,782 1,394
Total Equity Company 476 137 — — 5,812 1,582
Total Developed 4,705 1,263 2,230 288 22,890 12,304
Undeveloped Consolidated Subsidiaries United States 1,558 988 — — 5,581 3,476 Canada/Other Americas 609 — 100 — 171 737 Europe — — — — — — Africa 32 — — — 2 32 Asia 1,089 23 — — 189 1,143 Australia/Oceania 28 2 — — 2,653 472
Total Consolidated 3,316 1,013 100 — 8,596 5,860
Equity Companies United States — — — — — — Europe 3 — — — 56 12 Africa — — — — — — Asia 163 161 — — 4,866 1,135
Total Equity Company 166 161 — — 4,922 1,147
Total Undeveloped 3,482 1,174 100 — 13,518 7,007
Total Proved Reserves 8,187 2,437 2,330 288 36,408 19,311
Other Americas includes proved developed reserves of 486 million barrels of crude oil and 228 billion cubic feet of natural gas, as well as proved undevelopedreserves of 587 million barrels of crude oil and 162 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
(1)
(1)
(1)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and equity company reserves are reported separately. However, the Corporation operates its business with thesame view of equity company reserves as it has for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year toyear due to the timing of individual project start-ups, operational outages, reservoir performance, regulatory changes, the impact of fiscal and commercial terms, asset sales,weather events, price effects on production sharing contracts, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas priceenvironment, international trade patterns and relations, and other factors described in Item 1A.
The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty, is an ongoing process based on rigorous technical evaluations, commercial andmarket assessments, and detailed analysis of reservoir and well performance. Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which have receivedsignificant funding commitments by management toward the development of the reserves. Although the Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will beproduced, the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals,government policies, consumer preferences, and significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. In addition, proved reserves could be affected by an extendedperiod of low prices which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s capital spending and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects.
B. Technologies Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2025
Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2025 were based on estimates generated through the integration of available and appropriate geological, engineering andproduction data, utilizing well-established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield repeatable and consistent results.
Data used in these integrated assessments included information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples,static and dynamic pressure information, production test data, and surveillance and performance information. The data utilized also included subsurface information obtainedthrough indirect measurements, including high-quality 3 ‑ D and 4 ‑ D seismic data, calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to interpret the dataincluded seismic processing software, reservoir modeling and simulation software, and data analysis packages.
In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to increase the quality of, and confidence in, thereserves estimates.
C. Qualifications of Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves
ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves and Resources group that provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating organization. Primary responsibilities ofthis group include oversight of the reserves estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations, review of annualchanges in reserves estimates, and the reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s provedreserves of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In addition, the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation andreporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The current Global Reserves and Resources Manager has more than 30 years of experience in reservoir engineering andreserves assessment, has a degree in Engineering, and serves on the Oil and Gas Reserves Committee of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. The group is staffed withindividuals that have an average of more than 15 years of technical experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization of reservesunder SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold degrees in either Engineering or Geology.
The Global Reserves and Resources group maintains a central database containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls, including limitations ondatabase access and update capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of the system’s controls is performed by internalaudit. Key components of the reserves estimation process include technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, analysis of well and field performance, and long-standing approval guidelines. No changes may be made to the reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequentrevisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized geoscience and engineering professionals within the operating organization. Inaddition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and approval by the appropriate level of management within the operatingorganization before the changes may be made in the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves and Resources group for all proved reserves changes is a mandatorycomponent of this review process. After all changes are made, reviews are held with senior management for final endorsement.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves
At year-end 2025, approximately 7.0 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped. This represents 36 percentof the 19.3 GOEB reported in proved reserves. This compares to 7.4 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported at the end of 2024. During the year, ExxonMobilconducted development activities that resulted in the transfer of approximately 1.4 GOEB from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year-end. The largesttransfers were related to development activities in the United States, Guyana, Kazakhstan, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, and Canada. In 2025, extensions and discoveries,primarily in the United States and Guyana, resulted in the addition of approximately 2.0 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves. Also, the Corporation reclassifiedapproximately 1.0 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves which no longer met the SEC definition of proved reserves, primarily in the United States.
Overall, investments of $19.0 billion were made by the Corporation during 2025 to progress the development of reported proved undeveloped reserves, including $18.8 billionfor oil and gas producing activities, along with additional investments for other non-oil and gas producing activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and otherrelated facilities.
One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments toward the development of the reserves.ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy and many major fields require long lead-time in order to be developed. Development projects typically take several yearsfrom the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. Proved undeveloped reserves inAustralia and the United Arab Emirates have remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity of infrastructure, as well as the timerequired to complete development for very large projects. The Corporation is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however, the timing and amountrecovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumerpreferences, the pace of co-venturer/government funding, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments, and significant changes in crude oil and natural gas pricelevels. Of the proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more years, over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. In Australia, provedundeveloped reserves are associated with future compression for the Gorgon Jansz LNG project. In the United Arab Emirates, proved undeveloped reserves are associated withan approved development plan and continued drilling investment for the producing Upper Zakum field.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
3. Oil and Gas Production, Production Prices and Production Costs
A. Oil and Gas Production
The table below summarizes production by final product sold and by geographic area for the last three years.
(thousands of barrels daily) 2025 2024 2023
Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL
Crude oil and natural gas liquids productionConsolidated Subsidiaries United States 1,005 514 862 383 556 238 Canada/Other Americas 381 1 346 2 240 2 Europe 2 — 2 — 2 — Africa 141 — 206 2 216 4 Asia 445 28 422 26 417 28 Australia/Oceania 18 7 20 10 24 12
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 1,992 550 1,858 423 1,455 284
Equity Companies United States 2 1 2 1 8 1 Europe 1 — 1 — 2 — Africa 1 — 1 — 1 — Asia 266 61 206 59 216 60
Total Equity Companies 270 62 210 60 227 61
Total crude oil and natural gas liquids production 2,262 612 2,068 483 1,682 345
Bitumen production Consolidated Subsidiaries Canada/Other Americas 385 374 355
Synthetic oil production Consolidated Subsidiaries Canada/Other Americas 68 62 67
Total liquids production 3,329 2,987 2,449
(millions of cubic feet daily)
Natural gas production available for sale Consolidated Subsidiaries United States 3,346 2,869 2,292 Canada/Other Americas 27 101 96 Europe 228 252 266 Africa 2 45 35 Asia 968 907 915 Australia/Oceania 1,283 1,264 1,298
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 5,854 5,438 4,902
Equity Companies United States 18 18 19 Europe 71 100 148 Africa 112 107 90 Asia 2,386 2,415 2,575
Total Equity Companies 2,587 2,640 2,832
Total natural gas production available for sale 8,442 8,078 7,734
(thousands of oil-equivalent barrels daily)
Oil-equivalent production 4,736 4,333 3,738
Other Americas includes crude oil production for 2025, 2024, and 2023 of 320 thousand, 285 thousand, and 178 thousand barrels daily, respectively; and naturalgas production available for sale for 2025, 2024, and 2023 of 4 million, 76 million, and 67 million cubic feet daily, respectively.
Due to rounding, numbers presented may not add up precisely to the totals indicated.
(1)
(1)
(1)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
B. Production Prices and Production Costs
The table below summarizes average production prices and average production costs by geographic area and by product type for the last three years.
(dollars per unit) UnitedStates
Canada/OtherAmericas Europe Africa Asia Australia/Oceania Total
2025Consolidated Subsidiaries Average production prices Crude oil, per barrel 63.19 67.75 63.24 69.20 68.26 66.21 65.64 NGL, per barrel 20.87 28.98 47.44 — 30.83 47.75 21.71 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 1.07 1.21 11.91 1.90 2.27 7.72 3.15 Bitumen, per barrel — 46.13 — — — — 46.13 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 63.61 — — — — 63.61 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total11.07 15.63 30.70 20.38 5.15 5.60 11.29 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 19.95 — — — — 19.95 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 40.41 — — — — 40.41
Equity CompaniesAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 62.71 — 63.64 66.94 61.75 — 61.79 NGL, per barrel 20.77 — — — 40.91 — 40.62 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 2.71 — 11.75 5.51 6.79 — 6.84 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total30.49 — 102.43 4.48 2.53 — 4.49
TotalAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 63.19 67.75 63.39 69.19 65.84 66.21 65.18 NGL, per barrel 20.87 28.98 47.44 — 37.75 47.75 23.64 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 1.08 1.21 11.88 5.46 5.48 7.72 4.28 Bitumen, per barrel — 46.13 — — — — 46.13 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 63.61 — — — — 63.61 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total11.13 15.63 48.26 18.43 3.75 5.60 10.20 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 19.95 — — — — 19.95 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 40.41 — — — — 40.41
2024Consolidated SubsidiariesAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 73.36 79.47 74.07 81.29 78.40 79.83 76.57 NGL, per barrel 23.08 30.43 63.29 50.51 32.34 38.74 24.32 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 0.37 1.72 10.56 2.25 2.55 8.47 3.13 Bitumen, per barrel — 54.02 — — — — 54.02 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 74.16 — — — — 74.16 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total10.89 16.20 25.18 21.85 5.31 6.92 11.70 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 21.16 — — — — 21.16 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 44.44 — — — — 44.44
Equity CompaniesAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 73.91 — 76.34 73.99 73.17 — 73.21 NGL, per barrel 19.94 — — — 47.63 — 47.19 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 1.59 — 9.19 4.10 7.52 — 7.41 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total26.41 — 63.76 7.27 2.70 — 4.57
TotalAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 73.36 79.47 75.06 81.25 76.69 79.83 76.23 NGL, per barrel 23.07 30.43 63.29 50.51 43.01 38.74 27.16 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 0.37 1.72 10.17 3.55 6.17 8.47 4.53 Bitumen, per barrel — 54.02 — — — — 54.02 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 74.16 — — — — 74.16 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total10.94 16.20 36.41 20.68 3.93 6.92 10.53 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 21.16 — — — — 21.16 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 44.44 — — — — 44.44
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
(dollars per unit) UnitedStates
Canada/OtherAmericas Europe Africa Asia Australia/Oceania Total
2023Consolidated Subsidiaries Average production prices Crude oil, per barrel 75.45 80.51 71.99 82.70 79.50 70.26 78.43 NGL, per barrel 23.88 24.44 64.10 44.72 29.81 34.35 25.12 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 1.16 2.57 13.64 2.04 2.40 9.31 4.26 Bitumen, per barrel — 49.64 — — — — 49.64 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 77.56 — — — — 77.56 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total9.70 19.94 36.37 20.70 5.26 5.55 12.05 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 23.80 — — — — 23.80 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 45.91 — — — — 45.91
Equity CompaniesAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 75.48 — 77.82 71.92 74.59 — 74.63 NGL, per barrel 19.13 — — — 45.64 — 45.19 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 5.25 — 22.22 5.89 8.54 — 9.15 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total53.49 — 43.99 6.74 2.77 — 5.09
TotalAverage production pricesCrude oil, per barrel 75.45 80.51 74.13 82.66 77.83 70.26 77.92 NGL, per barrel 23.86 24.44 64.10 44.72 40.59 34.35 28.66 Natural gas, per thousand cubic feet 1.19 2.57 16.71 4.81 6.93 9.31 6.05 Bitumen, per barrel — 49.64 — — — — 49.64 Synthetic oil, per barrel — 77.56 — — — — 77.56 Average production costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total10.15 19.94 39.09 19.79 3.91 5.55 10.63 Average production costs, per barrel - bitumen— 23.80 — — — — 23.80 Average production costs, per barrel - synthetic oil— 45.91 — — — — 45.91
Natural gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand barrels.
Average production prices have been calculated by using sales quantities from the Corporation’s own production as the divisor. Average production costs have been computedby using net production quantities for the divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used for this computation are shown in the oil and gasproduction table in section 3.A. The volumes of natural gas used in the calculation are the production volumes of natural gas available for sale and are also shown in section3.A. The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those shown in the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental Information on Oiland Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of the Financial Section of this report due to volumes consumed or flared.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development Activities
A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells Drilled
2025 2024 2023
Net Productive Exploratory Wells Drilled
Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 2 2 —
Canada/Other Americas 1 3 1
Europe 1 — 1
Africa — — —
Asia — — —
Australia/Oceania — — —
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 4 5 2
Equity Companies
United States — — —
Europe — — —
Africa — — —
Asia — — —
Total Equity Companies — — —
Total productive exploratory wells drilled 4 5 2
Net Dry Exploratory Wells Drilled
Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States — — 1
Canada/Other Americas 1 3 3
Europe 1 — —
Africa 1 — —
Asia — — —
Australia/Oceania — — —
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 3 3 4
Equity Companies
United States — — —
Europe — — —
Africa — — —
Asia — — —
Total Equity Companies — — —
Total dry exploratory wells drilled 3 3 4
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
2025 2024 2023
Net Productive Development Wells Drilled
Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 698 533 446
Canada/Other Americas 14 22 47
Europe 1 1 1
Africa 1 4 4
Asia 5 6 5
Australia/Oceania 1 1 —
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 720 567 503
Equity Companies
United States 1 1 2
Europe 1 — —
Africa — — —
Asia 3 3 6
Total Equity Companies 5 4 8
Total productive development wells drilled 725 571 511
Net Dry Development Wells Drilled
Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States — 10 —
Canada/Other Americas — — —
Europe — — —
Africa — 1 —
Asia 1 — —
Australia/Oceania — — —
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 1 11 —
Equity Companies
United States — — —
Europe — — —
Africa — — —
Asia — — —
Total Equity Companies — — —
Total dry development wells drilled 1 11 —
Total number of net wells drilled 733 590 517
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas Resources Extracted by Mining Technologies
Syncrude Operations. Syncrude is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen, and thenupgrade it to produce a high-quality, light (32 degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of a 25 percent interest in the joint venture. ExxonMobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited. In 2025, the Company’s share of net production of synthetic crude oil was about 68 thousand barrels perday and share of net acreage was about 55 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil sands deposit.
Kearl Operations. Kearl is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen. Imperial OilLimited holds a 70.96 percent interest in the joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percentinterest in Imperial Oil Limited and a 100 percent interest in ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised of six oil sands leases covering about 49 thousand acres in theAthabasca oil sands deposit.
Kearl is located approximately 40 miles north of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted from oil sands and processed through bitumen extraction and frothtreatment trains. The product, a blend of bitumen and diluent, is shipped to our refineries and to other third parties. Diluent is natural gas condensate or other light hydrocarbonsadded to the crude bitumen to facilitate transportation. During 2025, average net production at Kearl was about 264 thousand barrels per day.
5. Present Activities
A. Wells Drilling
Wells Drilling Year-End 2025 Year-End 2024
Gross Net Gross Net

Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 638 492 809 648
Canada/Other Americas 33 20 19 9
Europe — — 1 1
Africa 2 — 5 1
Asia 9 2 13 5
Australia/Oceania 1 — 1 —
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 683 514 848 664
Equity Companies
United States 38 — 15 —
Europe — — — —
Africa — — — —
Asia 23 4 43 4
Total Equity Companies 61 4 58 4
Total gross and net wells drilling 744 518 906 668
B. Review of Principal Ongoing Activities
United States
During 2025, ExxonMobil was active in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and in Alaska. During the year, development activities focused on liquids-richopportunities in the onshore U.S., primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico, bringing total U.S. net production to 2.1 million oil-equivalent barrelsper day. Development activities also continued on the Golden Pass LNG export project, including mechanical completion of Train 1 in late 2025.
Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral interest owners include the Federal and Stategovernments, as well as private mineral interest owners. Leases typically have a primary term ranging from one to 10 years, and a production period beyond the primaryterm that normally remains in effect until production ceases. Under certain circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its primary term even if production has notcommenced. In some instances a “fee interest” is acquired in private property where the underlying mineral interests and rights are purchased and owned outright.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Canada / Other Americas
Production operations for the region are mainly in Canada, Guyana, and Brazil. Total operations in Canada provided 519 thousand oil-equivalent barrels per day in netproduction, where oil and gas operations are active onshore in Alberta and offshore in Newfoundland and Labrador. In Situ Bitumen operations also continue in Alberta.Canadian onshore licenses or leases are acquired for varying periods of time, with renewals or extensions possible. These licenses or leases generally define a specifiedscope of work and are held by production. Canadian offshore production licenses are valid for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production. Significantdiscovery licenses in the offshore relating to currently undeveloped discoveries do not have a definite term.
In Guyana, the Yellowtail development commenced operations with the ONE GUYANA floating production, storage and offloading vessel, and development activitiescontinued on the Uaru and Whiptail projects. The Hammerhead project was funded in 2025. The Petroleum Activities Act 2023 authorizes the Government of Guyana tolicense and enter petroleum agreements for petroleum exploration, development, production, and storage operations. The Act enables petroleum agreements to provide foran exploration period to be established by subsidiary legislation by the Minister (typically up to 10 years) and provide for a production period of 20 years for an oil fieldand 30 years for a gas field, each with a renewal period of up to 10 years.
Brazil commenced operations in the Bacalhau Phase 1 development with the start-up of the floating production, storage and offloading vessel.
Europe
The Pegasus-1 exploratory well was drilled offshore Cyprus and encountered a gas-bearing reservoir. Evaluations are ongoing to develop potential commercializationoptions.
Africa
ExxonMobil continued to participate in the Coral South Floating LNG in Mozambique, while operations continued in three producing deepwater blocks in Angola andthree producing deepwater blocks in Nigeria. In Angola, a total of 1.6 net acres were relinquished and Block 15 amended its Production Sharing Agreement to extend theproduction license to 2037.
Asia
In 2025, ExxonMobil exited Thailand operations, while production activities continued throughout the region. Kazakhstan operations take place onshore and offshorethrough our partnerships in Tengiz and Kashagan. During the year, the Tengiz Expansion Project was completed and production ramped up to name-plate capacity. InQatar, ExxonMobil participated in 45.7 million tonnes per year of gross liquefied natural gas capacity and 3.4 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity.Development activities continued on the North Field East and North Field Production Sustainment projects. Ongoing activities in the United Arab Emirates continued onthe phased development of the Upper Zakum field.
Australia / Oceania
In Australia, development activities progressed on the Jansz-Io Compression Project and the Gorgon Stage 3 project was fully funded. Australia and Papua New Guineaaccount for 22.5 million metric tons of LNG per year.
Worldwide Exploration
Exploration activities were under way in several countries in which ExxonMobil has no established production operations and thus are not included above. Net acreagetotaled 15.8 million acres at year-end 2025.
6. Delivery Commitments
ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some of which may specify the delivery of a fixed anddeterminable quantity for periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contractcan be a combination of our own production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 73 million barrels of oil and 2.9 trillioncubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2026 through 2028. We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production from our proved developedreserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled with production from our proved undeveloped reserves and purchases on the open market as necessary.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells, Operations and Acreage
A. Gross and Net Productive Wells
Gross and Net Productive Wells Year-End 2025 Year-End 2024
Oil Gas Oil Gas
Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net
Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 25,816 15,760 3,270 1,833 30,333 17,078 7,579 4,340
Canada/Other Americas 4,143 4,067 2,815 983 4,092 4,025 2,865 1,017
Europe 363 106 352 192 371 113 359 192
Africa 352 94 — — 359 94 — —
Asia 797 244 140 83 789 243 151 87
Australia/Oceania 46 8 103 38 326 48 104 40
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 31,517 20,279 6,680 3,129 36,270 21,601 11,058 5,676
Equity Companies
United States 2,551 322 3,291 323 2,573 329 3,303 326
Europe 57 20 174 64 57 20 332 102
Africa — — 6 2 — — 6 2
Asia 239 60 142 36 233 58 150 31
Total Equity Companies 2,847 402 3,613 425 2,863 407 3,791 461
Total gross and net productive wells 34,364 20,681 10,293 3,554 39,133 22,008 14,849 6,137

There were 22,778 gross and 20,151 net operated wells at year-end 2025 and 25,610 gross and 22,837 net operated wells at year-end 2024. The number of wells with multiplecompletions was 418 gross in 2025 and 434 gross in 2024.
B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage
Gross and Net Developed Acreage (thousands of acres)
Year-End 2025 Year-End 2024
Gross Net Gross Net

Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 7,715 5,083 10,668 7,021
Canada/Other Americas 1,849 1,300 1,903 1,342
Europe 918 546 954 555
Africa 1,455 428 1,455 428
Asia 1,424 422 1,473 427
Australia/Oceania 3,142 1,043 3,142 1,043
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 16,503 8,822 19,595 10,816
Equity Companies
United States 581 113 581 113
Europe 2,612 921 3,590 1,109
Africa 178 44 178 44
Asia 630 148 665 152
Total Equity Companies 4,001 1,226 5,014 1,418
Total gross and net developed acreage 20,504 10,048 24,609 12,234
Includes developed acreage in Other Americas of 348 gross and 151 net thousands of acres for 2025 and 379 gross and 190 net thousands of acres for 2024.
Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained because, in many instances, both are produced from the same acreage.
(1)
(1)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage
Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage(thousands of acres)
Year-End 2025 Year-End 2024
Gross Net Gross Net

Consolidated Subsidiaries
United States 5,189 2,086 6,707 2,632
Canada/Other Americas 21,599 10,760 21,457 9,842
Europe 11,908 7,752 11,988 7,770
Africa 12,712 8,060 17,476 11,301
Asia 745 215 766 227
Australia/Oceania 3,346 1,661 3,554 1,805
Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 55,499 30,534 61,948 33,577
Equity Companies
United States — — — —
Europe — — 381 110
Africa 418 104 418 104
Asia 298 19 298 19
Total Equity Companies 716 123 1,097 233
Total gross and net undeveloped acreage 56,215 30,657 63,045 33,810
Includes undeveloped acreage in Other Americas of 15,407 gross and 7,527 net thousands of acres for 2025 and 14,914 gross and 6,381 net thousands of acres for2024.
ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped acreage is comprised of numerous concessions, blocks, and leases. The terms and conditions under which theCorporation maintains exploration and/or production rights to the acreage are property-specific, contractually defined, and vary significantly from property to property. Workprograms are designed to ensure that the exploration potential of any property is fully evaluated before expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to relinquishacreage in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where additional time may berequired to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has generally been successful in obtaining extensions. The scheduled expiration of leases and concessions for undevelopedacreage over the next three years is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.
(1)
(1)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Information with regard to refining and chemical capacity:
ExxonMobil manufactures, trades, and sells petroleum and petrochemical products. Our refining and chemical operations are highly integrated and encompass a global networkof manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution centers that provide a range of fuels, specialty products, feedstocks, olefins, polyolefins, and a wide variety ofother products to our customers around the world.
Capacity At Year-End 2025
ExxonMobilInterest %
ExxonMobil’sShare of RefiningCapacity Ethylene Polyethylene Polypropylene
(thousands ofbarrels daily) (millions of metric tons per year)
United States
Joliet Illinois ■ 100 267 — — —
Baton Rouge Louisiana ■ ▲ ● 100 523 1.1 1.3 1.0
Baytown Texas ■ ▲ ● 100 565 4.0 — 0.8
Beaumont Texas ■ ▲ ● 100 612 0.9 1.7 —
Corpus Christi Texas ● 50 — 0.9 0.7 —
Mont Belvieu Texas ● 100 — — 2.3 —
Total United States 1,967 6.9 6.0 1.8
Canada
Strathcona Alberta ■ 69.6 197 — — —
Nanticoke Ontario ■ 69.6 113 — — —
Sarnia Ontario ■ ● 69.6 124 0.3 0.5 —
Total Canada 434 0.3 0.5 —
Europe
Antwerp Belgium ■ ● 100 318 — 0.4 —
Meerhout Belgium ● 100 — — 0.5 —
Karlsruhe Germany ■ 25 78 — — —
Rotterdam Netherlands ■ ▲ ● 100 192 — — —
Fawley United Kingdom ■ ▲ ● 100 265 — — —
Fife United Kingdom ● 50 — 0.4 — —
Total Europe 853 0.4 0.9 —
Asia Pacific
Fujian China ■ ● 25 67 0.3 0.2 0.2
Huizhou China ● 100 — 1.6 1.7 0.9
Singapore Singapore ■ ▲ ● 100 592 1.9 1.9 1.0
Total Asia Pacific 659 3.8 3.8 2.1
Middle East
Al Jubail Saudi Arabia ▲ ● 50 — 0.7 0.7 —
Yanbu Saudi Arabia ■ ● 50 200 1.0 0.7 0.2
Total Middle East 200 1.7 1.4 0.2
Total Worldwide 4,113 13.1 12.5 4.1
■ Energy Products ▲ Specialty Products ● Chemical Products
ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent for operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For companies owned 50 percent or less, ExxonMobil shareis the greater of ExxonMobil’s interest or that portion of distillation capacity normally available to ExxonMobil.
Refining capacity data is based on 100 percent of rated refinery process unit stream-day capacities to process inputs to atmospheric distillation units under normaloperating conditions, less the impact of shutdowns for regular repair and maintenance activities, averaged over an extended period of time. The listing excludesrefining capacity for a minor interest held through equity securities in the Laffan Refinery in Qatar for which results are reported in the Upstream segment.
The Corporation announced the planned closure of the Fife Ethylene Plant, with shutdown activities expected to be completed in 2026.
Due to rounding, numbers presented above may not add up precisely to the totals indicated.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Information with regard to retail fuel sites:
Within the Energy Products segment, retail fuels sites sell products and services throughout the world through our Exxon, Esso, and Mobil brands.
Number of Retail Fuel Sites At Year-End 2025
Owned/leased Distributors/resellers Total
United States — 10,206 10,206
Canada — 2,561 2,561
Europe 169 3,430 3,599
Asia Pacific 188 932 1,120
Latin America — 579 579
Middle East/Africa 168 300 468
Worldwide 525 18,008 18,533
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
ExxonMobil has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing environmental proceedings.
Refer to the relevant portions of Note 7 of the Financial Section of this report for additional information on legal proceedings.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
Information about our Executive Officers (positions and ages as of February 18, 2026)
Name Age Current and Prior Positions (up to five years)
Darren W. Woods 61 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (since January 1, 2017)Director and President (since January 1, 2016)
Neil A. Chapman 63 Senior Vice President (since January 1, 2018)
Neil A. Hansen 51 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (since February 1, 2026)President, Global Business Solutions (May 1, 2025 - January 31, 2026)Senior Vice President, Energy Products, ExxonMobil Product Solutions Company (April 1, 2022 - April 30, 2025)Vice President, Europe, Africa & Middle East Fuels, ExxonMobil Fuels & Lubricants Company (March 15, 2020 - March 31, 2022)
Jack P. Williams, Jr. 62 Senior Vice President (since June 1, 2014)
Daniel L. Ammann 53 Vice President (since May 1, 2022)President, ExxonMobil Upstream Company (since February 1, 2025)President, Low Carbon Solutions (May 1, 2022 - December 31, 2024)Chief Executive Officer, Cruise LLC (January 2019 - December 2021)
James R. Chapman 56 Vice President, Treasurer and Investor Relations (since May 1, 2024)Vice President, Tax and Treasurer (November 28, 2022 - April 30, 2024)Dominion Energy, Inc. (prior to November 28, 2022):Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (January 2019 - November 2022)
Matt R. Crocker 52 Vice President (since May 1, 2025)President, Global Business Solutions (November 1, 2023 - April 30, 2025)Senior Vice President, Strategy, Product and New Assets, Low Carbon Solutions (May 1, 2022 - October 31, 2023)Senior Vice President, Fuels and Lubricants, ExxonMobil Fuels & Lubricants Company (September 1, 2020 - April 30, 2022)
Len M. Fox 62 Vice President, Controller and Tax (since May 1, 2024)Vice President and Controller (March 1, 2021 - April 30, 2024)
Jon M. Gibbs 54 Senior President, ExxonMobil Global Operations (since January 1, 2026)President, ExxonMobil Global Projects Company (April 1, 2021 - December 31, 2025)Senior Vice President, Global Project Delivery, ExxonMobil Global Projects Company (July 1, 2020 - March 31, 2021)
Staale Gjervik 52 President, ExxonMobil Global Projects Company (since January 1, 2026)President, ExxonMobil Supply Chain (May 1, 2023 - December 31, 2025)President, ExxonMobil Global Services Company (July 1, 2020 - April 30, 2023)
Darrin L. Talley 61 Vice President, Corporate Strategic Planning (since April 1, 2022)President, ExxonMobil Research and Engineering Company (April 1, 2020 - March 31, 2022)
Jeffrey A. Taylor 61 Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary (since July 1, 2024)Deputy General Counsel (May 9, 2024 - June 30, 2024)Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Fox Corporation (March 1, 2021 - May 8, 2024)Executive Vice President and Chief Litigation Counsel, Fox Corporation (March 1, 2019 - February 28, 2021)
Officers are generally elected by the Board of Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual election of directors, with each such officer serving until a successor has beenelected and qualified. The above-named officers are required to file reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUERPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The principal exchange where ExxonMobil common stock (XOM) is traded is the New York Stock Exchange, although the stock is traded on other exchanges in and outsidethe United States.
There were 276,536 registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock at December 31, 2025. At January 31, 2026, the registered shareholders of ExxonMobil commonstock numbered 273,961.
On January 29, 2026, the Corporation declared a $1.03 dividend per common share, payable March 10, 2026.
Reference is made to Item 12 in Part III of this report.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2025
Total Number of SharesPurchased Average Price Paid perShare
Total Number of SharesPurchased as Part ofPublicly AnnouncedPlans or Programs
Approximate Dollar Value ofShares that May Yet BePurchased Under theProgram(Billions of dollars)
October 2025 16,203,130 $113.58 16,203,068 $23.3
November 2025 13,456,104 $116.69 13,025,924 $21.8
December 2025 16,753,598 $117.81 14,908,290 $20.0
Total 46,412,832 $116.01 44,137,282
Includes shares withheld from participants in the Company's incentive program for personal income taxes.
Excludes 1% U.S. excise tax on stock repurchases.
Purchases were made under terms intended to qualify for exemption under Rules 10b-18 and 10b5-1.
The Corporation completed share repurchases of $20 billion in 2025. In its 2025 Corporate Plan Update released December 9, 2025, the Corporation stated that itexpects share repurchases of $20 billion in 2026, assuming reasonable market conditions.
During the fourth quarter, the Corporation did not issue or sell any unregistered equity securities.
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Reference is made to the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the Financial Section of this report.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Reference is made to the section entitled “Market Risks” in the Financial Section of this report. All statements, other than historical information incorporated in this Item 7A,are forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could differ materially due to, among other things, factors discussed in this report.
(1) (2)
(3) (4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Reference is made to the following in the Financial Section of this report:
• Consolidated financial statements, together with the report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PCAOB ID 238) dated February 18, 2026, beginning with thesection entitled “Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and continuing through Note 20;
• “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” (unaudited); and
• “Frequently Used Terms” (unaudited).
Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer haveevaluated the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’sdisclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under theSecurities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding required disclosures and areeffective in ensuring that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’srules and forms.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintainingadequate internal control over the Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting basedon criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on thisevaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as ofDecember 31, 2025, as stated in their report included in the Financial Section of this report.
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting
There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control overfinancial reporting.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
During the three months ended December 31, 2025, none of the Company’s directors or officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Reference is made to the section of this report titled “Information about our Executive Officers.”
Incorporated by reference to the following from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2026 Proxy Statement”):
• The section entitled “Election of Directors;”
• The portion entitled "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" of the section entitled "Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership;"
• The portions entitled “Director Qualifications,” “Director Nomination Process and Board Succession,” and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the sectionentitled “Corporate Governance;” and
• The “Director Independence” portion, “Board Meetings and Annual Meeting Attendance” portion, the membership table of the portion entitled “Board Committees,”the "Nominating and Governance Committee" portion and the "Audit Committee" portion of the section entitled “Corporate Governance.”
The Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers, and employees, and theCorporation itself, that the Corporation believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listingstandards applicable to the Corporation. A copy of the Corporation’s Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this report.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Director Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “ExecutiveCompensation Tables,” “Pay Ratio,” and "Pay Versus Performance" of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
Table of Contents Financial Table of Contents
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATEDSTOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Director and ExecutiveOfficer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
(a) (b) (c)
Plan Category
Number of Securities tobe Issued UponExercise of OutstandingOptions, Warrants andRights
Weighted-AverageExercise Price ofOutstandingOptions, Warrantsand Rights
Number of SecuritiesRemaining Available forFuture Issuance Under EquityCompensation Plans[Excluding SecuritiesReflected in Column (a)]
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 45,870,110 — 50,547,885
Equity compensation plans not approved by securityholders — — —
Total 45,870,110 — 50,547,885
The number of restricted stock units to be settled in shares.
Available shares can be granted in the form of restricted stock or other stock-based awards. Includes 40,903,325 shares available for award under the 2003 IncentiveProgram, 218,700 shares available for award under the 2004 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan, and 9,425,860 shares available for award under thePioneer Natural Resources Company Amended and Restated 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan.
Under the 2004 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan approved by shareholders in May 2004, and the related standing resolution adopted by the Board,each non-employee director automatically receives 8,000 shares of restricted stock when first elected to the Board and, if the director remains in office, an additional2,500 restricted shares each following year. While on the Board, each non-employee director receives the same cash dividends on restricted shares as a holder ofregular common stock, but the director is not allowed to sell the shares. The restricted shares may be forfeited if the director leaves the Board early.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Director Independence” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the portion entitled “Related Person Transactionsand Procedures” of the section entitled “Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section entitled “Ratification of IndependentAuditors” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
PART IV