Item 1. BusinessBank of America Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company(BHC) and a financial holding company. When used in this report, “Bank of America,”“the Corporation,” “we,” “us” and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporationindividually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank ofAmerica Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. As part of our efforts to streamline theCorporation’s organizational structure and reduce complexity and costs, theCorporation has reduced and intends to continue to reduce the number of itscorporate subsidiaries, including through intercompany mergers.Bank of America is one of the world’s largest financial institutions, servingindividual consumers, small- and middle-market businesses, institutional investors,large corporations and governments with a full range of banking, investing, assetmanagement and other financial and risk management products and services. Ourprincipal executive offices are located in the Bank of America Corporate Center, 100North Tryon Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255.Bank of America’s website is www.bankofamerica.com, and the Investor Relationsportion of our website is https://investor.bankofamerica.com. We use our website todistribute company information, including as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under RegulationFD. We routinely post and make accessible financial and other information regardingthe Corporation on our website. Investors should monitor our website, including theInvestor Relations portion of our website, in addition to our press releases, U.S.Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, public conference calls andwebcasts. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnishedpursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (ExchangeAct) are available on the Investor Relations portion of our website as soon asreasonably practicable after we electronically file such reports with, or furnish them to,the SEC and at the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov. Notwithstanding the foregoing, theinformation contained on our website as referenced in this paragraph, or otherwise inthis Annual Report on Form 10-K, is not incorporated by reference into this AnnualReport on Form 10-K. Also, we make available on the Investor Relations portion of ourwebsite: (i) our Code of Conduct; (ii) our Corporate Governance Guidelines; and (iii)the charter of each active committee of our Board of Directors (the Board). Our Codeof Conduct constitutes a “code of ethics” and a “code of business conduct and ethics”that applies to the required individuals associated with the Corporation for purposes ofthe respective rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange. We also intend todisclose any amendments to our Code of Conduct and waivers of our Code ofConduct required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC and the New York StockExchange on the Investor Relations portion of our website. All of these corporategovernance materials are also available free of charge in print to shareholders whorequest them in writing to: Bank of America Corporation, Attention: Office of theCorporate Secretary, Bank of America Corporate Center, 100 North Tryon Street,NC1-007-56-06, Charlotte, North Carolina 28255.
SegmentsThrough our various bank and nonbank subsidiaries throughout the U.S. and ininternational markets, we provide a diversified range of banking and nonbank financialservices and products through four business segments: Consumer Banking, GlobalWealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking and Global Markets, withthe remaining operations recorded in All Other. Additional information related to ourbusiness segments and the products and services they provide is included in theinformation set forth on pages 36 through 44 of Item 7. Management’s Discussion andAnalysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) and Note 23 –Business Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
CompetitionWe operate in a highly competitive environment. Our competitors include banks,thrifts, credit unions, investment banking firms, investment advisory firms, brokeragefirms, investment companies, insurance companies, mortgage banking companies,credit card issuers, mutual fund companies, hedge funds, private equity firms, and e-commerce and other internet-based companies, including merchant banks andcompanies providing nonbank financial services. We compete with some of thesecompetitors globally and with others on a regional or product-specific basis. We areincreasingly competing with firms offering products solely over the internet and withnonfinancial companies, including firms utilizing emerging technologies, such asdigital assets, rather than, or in addition to, traditional banking products.Competition is based on a number of factors including, among others, customerservice and convenience, the pricing, quality and range of products and servicesoffered, lending limits, the quality and delivery of our technology and our reputation,experience and relationships in relevant markets. Our ability to continue to competeeffectively also depends in large part on our ability to attract new employees anddevelop, retain and motivate our existing employees, while managing compensationand other costs.
Human Capital ResourcesBank of America has always been the bank of opportunity for our shareholders, ourclients and customers, our communities and our teammates. We strive to make Bankof America a great place to work for our employees by providing access to a broadrange of opportunities to achieve their professional goals and by maintaining a cultureof caring for them and their families. We are a company of talented employees whorepresent a diverse range of experiences, skills, backgrounds and perspectivesacross many dimensions. We are deliberate about the many ways we seek to createan inclusive environment where everyone has the opportunity to achieve their careergoals. This is core to our values, to our efforts to make the Corporation a great placeto work and to delivering on Responsible Growth for our clients, customers andcommunities around the globe.Our Board and its Compensation and Human Capital Committee provide oversightof our human capital management strategies, programs, initiatives and practices. TheCorporation’s senior management provides regular briefings and reporting on humancapital matters to the Board and its Committees to facilitate the Board’s oversight.
Bank of America 2
At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation employed approximately213,000 employees, of which 77 percent and 78 percent, respectively, were located inthe U.S. None of our U.S. employees are subject to a collective bargainingagreement. Additionally, in 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s compensation andbenefits expense was $42.3 billion and $40.2 billion, or 61 percent and 60 percent, oftotal noninterest expense.The following table provides our workforce data by gender (globally) and ethnicity(U.S. only).
Workforce data as of December 31, 2025
Total Employees
Top ThreeManagementLevels Managers at AllLevels
Global employees
Women 50 % 42 % 43 %
Men 50 58 57
U.S.-based employees
White 46 72 53
Asian 15 12 15
Black 15 7 11
Hispanic 20 6 17
American Indian/Alaskan Native 0.4 0.1 0.3
Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific 0.3 0.1 0.3
Two or More Races 3 1 2
Talent, Inclusion and OpportunityThe Corporation is focused on building a strong pipeline of talent, which means findingand hiring external candidates who are committed to our purpose and have a passionfor serving our clients and communities. This spans programs from entry-level hiringthrough more senior-level recruiting. In 2025, the Corporation hired over 18,000teammates reflecting a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, skills andperspectives so that we understand and can respond to the needs of our clients andcommunities.We provide a variety of resources to help employees grow in their current rolesand build new skills, including resources to help employees find new opportunities, re-skill and seek leadership positions. We have 11 Employee Networks with over330,000 voluntary memberships, which provide teammates opportunities to meet newpeople, have an impact across multiple business lines and grow personally andprofessionally. They are open to all employees and participation is voluntary. In 2025,more than 14,000 employees found new roles within the Corporation, and wedelivered more than 7.6 million hours of training and development to our teammatesthrough Bank of America Academy. Additionally, our Board oversees Chief ExecutiveOfficer and senior management succession planning, which is formally reviewed atleast annually.As part of our ongoing efforts to make the Corporation a great place to work, weconduct a confidential annual Employee Engagement Survey (Survey) and have doneso for nearly two decades. The Survey results are reviewed by the Board and seniormanagement and used to assist in reviewing the Corporation’s human capitalstrategies, programs, initiatives, and practices. In 2025, 86 percent of theCorporation’s employees participated in the Survey, and our Employee EngagementIndex, an overall measure of employee satisfaction with the Corporation, was 86percent. Our turnover among employees was stable at 8 percent in both 2025 and2024.
Recognizing and Rewarding PerformanceOur compensation philosophy is to pay for performance over the long term, as well ason an annual basis. Our performance considerations encompass both financial andnonfinancial measures, including the manner in which results are achieved. Theseconsiderations are designed to reinforce and promote Responsible Growth and alignwith our Risk Framework.We strive to pay our employees based on market rates for their roles, experienceand how they perform. We regularly benchmark against other companies both withinand outside our industry to confirm our pay is competitive. In 2021, the Corporationannounced it would increase its minimum hourly wage for U.S. employees to $25 perhour by 2025. In October 2025, the Corporation took its final step to reach this goal byraising its U.S. minimum hourly wage from $24 to $25 per hour. In addition, in January2026, for the ninth year since 2017, we announced that we recognized our teammateswith Sharing Success compensation awards for their efforts during 2025.Approximately 96 percent of employees globally will receive an award in the firstquarter of 2026.The Corporation is committed to equal pay for equal work. We maintain robustpolicies and practices that reinforce our commitment, including reviews conducted bya third-party consultant with oversight from our Board and senior management.
Physical, Emotional, and Financial WellnessThe Corporation is committed to providing employees with access to leading benefitsand programs that help promote their physical, emotional and financial wellness.Investments we make in our teammates are designed to help them thrive, enablingthem to better deliver for our clients, communities and each other.In 2025, we continued our efforts to provide affordable access to healthcare.Teammates enrolled in one of our national medical plans were able to access virtualgeneral medical and behavioral health care at no cost. For the 13th year in a row, U.S.health insurance premiums remained unchanged for teammates earning less than$50,000.We also recognize the importance of emotional wellness. Globally, teammates andmembers of their households can utilize our Employee Assistance Programs for 12 in-person confidential counseling sessions, and unlimited phone consultations at no cost.The Corporation also offers comprehensive time-away policies and caregivingbenefits. Globally, teammates celebrating at least 15 years of continuous service withthe Corporation can participate in our paid Global Sabbatical Program.We support teammates in reaching financial wellness with retirement savingsplans and other programs, along with access to self-guided financial planning toolsand expert advice.For more information about our human capital management, see the Corporation’swebsite and 2025 Annual Report to shareholders that we expect to be available on theInvestor Relations portion of our website in March 2026 (the content of which is notincorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K).
Government Supervision and RegulationThe following discussion describes, among other things, elements of an extensiveregulatory framework applicable to BHCs, financial holding companies, banks andbroker-dealers, including specific information about Bank of America.
3 Bank of America
We are subject to an extensive regulatory framework applicable to BHCs, financialholding companies and banks and other financial services entities. U.S. federalregulation of banks, BHCs and financial holding companies is intended primarily forthe protection of depositors and the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF) rather than for theprotection of shareholders and creditors. As a registered financial holding companyand BHC, the Corporation is subject to the supervision of, and regular inspection by,the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve). Our U.S.bank subsidiaries (the Banks), organized as national banking associations, are subjectto regulation, supervision and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency (OCC), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the FederalReserve. In addition, the Federal Reserve and the OCC have adopted guidelines thatestablish minimum standards for the design, implementation and board oversight ofBHCs’ and national banks’ risk governance frameworks. U.S. financial holdingcompanies, and the companies under their control, are permitted to engage inactivities considered “financial in nature” as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Actand related Federal Reserve interpretations. The Corporation's status as a financialholding company is conditioned upon maintaining certain eligibility requirements forboth the Corporation and its U.S. depository institution subsidiaries, includingminimum capital ratios, supervisory ratings and, in the case of the depositoryinstitutions, at least satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act ratings. Failure to be aneligible financial holding company could result in the Federal Reserve limiting Bank ofAmerica's activities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, we are subject to asignificant number of laws, rules and regulations (LRRs) that govern our businesses inthe U.S. and in the other jurisdictions in which we operate, including permissibleactivities, minimum levels of capital and liquidity, compliance risk management,consumer products and sales practices, privacy, data protection, sustainability andexecutive compensation, among others. Additionally, we are subject to certain actionsof the U.S. executive branch, including executive orders (Executive Branch Actions).The scope of the LRRs and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subjectis significant. In addition, the banking and financial services sector is subject tosubstantial regulatory enforcement and fines. We cannot assess whether or not therewill be any major changes in the regulatory environment and expect that our businesswill remain subject to continuing and extensive regulation and supervision.We are also subject to various other LRRs, as well as supervision and examinationby other regulatory agencies, all of which directly or indirectly affect our entities,management and ability to make distributions to shareholders. For instance, ourbroker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to both U.S. and international regulation andsupervision, including by the SEC, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and NewYork Stock Exchange, among others; our futures commission merchant subsidiarysupporting commodities and derivatives businesses in the U.S. is subject to regulationby and supervision of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC),National Futures Association, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and in the case ofthe Banks, certain banking regulators; our insurance activities are subject to licensingand regulation by state insurance regulatory agencies; and our consumer financialproducts and services are regulated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau(CFPB). In addition, certain U.S. and foreign subsidiaries are also registered with theCFTC as swap dealers,
and conditionally registered with the SEC as security-based swap dealers.Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by various non-U.S. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges, prudential regulators,central banks and other regulatory bodies, in the jurisdictions in which thosebusinesses operate. For example, our financial services entities are subject toregulation in the United Kingdom (U.K.) by the Prudential Regulatory Authority andFinancial Conduct Authority, in Ireland by the European Central Bank (ECB) and theCentral Bank of Ireland and in France by the ECB, Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel etde Résolution and Autorité des Marchés Financiers.The Corporation is also subject to extensive LRRs in the U.S. and in the otherjurisdictions in which it operates regarding bribery and corruption, know-your-customerrequirements, anti-money laundering, embargo programs and economic sanctions.For example, we are subject to the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), which contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws designed to detect and determoney laundering and the financing of terrorism, as well as record-keeping, reporting,due diligence and customer verification requirements, various sanctions programsadministered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of ForeignAssets Control (OFAC) and foreign jurisdictions, which target entities or individualsthat are, or are located in countries that are, involved in activities, such as terrorism,hostilities, drug trafficking or human rights violations and the U.S. Foreign CorruptPractices Act (FCPA) and the U.K. Bribery Act, relating to corrupt and illegal paymentsto government officials and others. In 2024, federal regulators, including the FederalReserve and the OCC, proposed amendments to update the requirements forsupervised institutions to establish, implement and maintain effective, risk-based andreasonably designed anti-money laundering programs, including the identification,evaluation and documentation of money laundering risks. The public comment periodhas concluded and the proposal remains pending.
Source of StrengthUnder the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (theFinancial Reform Act) and Federal Reserve policy, BHCs are expected to act as asource of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit resources tosupport each such subsidiary. Similarly, under the cross-guarantee provisions of theFederal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (FDICIA), in theevent of a loss suffered or anticipated by the FDIC, either as a result of default of abank subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance provided to such a subsidiary in dangerof default, the affiliate banks of such a subsidiary may be assessed for the FDIC’sloss, subject to certain exceptions.
Transactions with AffiliatesPursuant to Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, as implemented by theFederal Reserve’s Regulation W, the Banks are subject to restrictions that limit certaintypes of transactions between the Banks and their nonbank affiliates. In general, U.S.banks are subject to quantitative and qualitative limits on extensions of credit,purchases of assets and certain other transactions involving their nonbank affiliates.Additionally, transactions between U.S. banks and their nonbank affiliates are requiredto be on arm’s length terms and must be consistent with standards of safety andsoundness.
Bank of America 4
Deposit InsuranceDeposits placed at U.S. domiciled banks are insured by the FDIC, subject to limits andconditions of applicable law and the FDIC’s regulations. Pursuant to the FinancialReform Act, FDIC insurance coverage limits are $250,000 per depositor, per insuredbank for each account ownership category. All insured depository institutions arerequired to pay assessments to the FDIC in order to fund the DIF.The FDIC is required to maintain a statutory minimum ratio of the DIF to insureddeposits in the U.S. of at least 1.35 percent and has established a long-term goal of atwo percent DIF ratio. As of the date of this report, the DIF satisfied the statutoryminimum ratio, but it has not reached this long-term goal. Deposit insuranceassessment rates are subject to change by the FDIC and will be impacted by theoverall economy and the stability of the banking industry as a whole. The FDIC alsohas the authority to charge special assessments from time to time, including inconnection with systemic risk events. For example, in 2023, the FDIC issued its finalrule to impose a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF resulting from theclosure of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, the amount of which has beensubsequently reduced. For more information on the impact to the Corporation of theFDIC special assessment, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to theConsolidated Financial Statements. For more information regarding deposit insurance,see Item 1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance and Legal on page 17.
Capital, Liquidity and Operational RequirementsAs a financial holding company, we and our bank subsidiaries are subject to theregulatory capital and liquidity rules issued by the Federal Reserve and other U.S.banking regulators, including the OCC and the FDIC. These rules are complex andcontinue to evolve as U.S. and international regulatory authorities propose and enactamendments to these rules. The Corporation seeks to manage its capital position tomaintain sufficient capital to satisfy these regulatory rules and to support our businessactivities. These continually evolving rules are likely to influence our planningprocesses and may result in changes to regulatory capital and liquidity, as well asimpose additional operational and compliance costs on the Corporation.For more information on regulatory capital rules and capital composition, seeCapital Management on page 48, Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements andRestrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are incorporated byreference in this Item 1, and Item 1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance andLegal on page 17.
DistributionsWe are subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to capitalactions, including payment of dividends and common stock repurchases. For instance,Federal Reserve regulations require major U.S. BHCs to submit a capital plan as partof an annual Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR).Our ability to pay dividends and make common stock repurchases depends in parton our ability to maintain regulatory capital levels above minimum requirements plusbuffers and non-capital standards established under the FDICIA. To the extent that theFederal Reserve increases our stress
capital buffer (SCB), global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge orcountercyclical capital buffer, our returns of capital to shareholders, includingdividends and common stock repurchases, could decrease. As part of its CCAR, theFederal Reserve conducts stress testing on parts of our business using hypotheticaleconomic scenarios prepared by the Federal Reserve. Those scenarios may affectour CCAR stress test results, which may impact the level of our SCB. For example,based on the results of our 2025 CCAR stress test, the Corporation’s SCB decreasedto 2.5 percent. Additionally, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge is 3.0 percent. TheFederal Reserve could also impose limitations or prohibitions on taking capital actionssuch as paying or increasing dividends or repurchasing common stock, including as aresult of economic disruptions or events.If the Federal Reserve finds that a bank is not “well-capitalized” or “well-managed,”the bank’s BHC would be required to enter into an agreement with the FederalReserve to comply with all applicable capital and management requirements, whichmay contain additional limitations or conditions relating to its activities. Additionally, theapplicable federal regulatory authority is authorized to determine, under certaincircumstances relating to the financial condition of a bank or BHC, if the payment ofdividends would be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof.Many of our subsidiaries, including our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, aresubject to laws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to blockor reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or othersubsidiaries. The rights of the Corporation, our shareholders and our creditors toparticipate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of our subsidiaries are furthersubject to the prior claims of creditors of the respective subsidiaries.For more information regarding distributions, including the minimum capitalrequirements, see Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity and Note 16 – RegulatoryRequirements and Restrictions to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Resolution PlanningAs a BHC with greater than $250 billion of assets, every two years the Corporation isrequired by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC to submit a plan for a rapid and orderlyresolution in the event of material financial distress or failure.Such resolution plan is intended to be a detailed roadmap for the orderly resolutionof the BHC, including the continued operations or solvent wind down of its materialentities, pursuant to the U.S. Bankruptcy Code under one or more hypotheticalscenarios assuming no extraordinary government assistance.If both the Federal Reserve and the FDIC determine that the BHC’s plan is notcredible, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC may jointly impose more stringent capital,leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions on growth, activities or operations. Asummary of our plan is available on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites.The FDIC also requires the submission of a resolution plan for Bank of America,National Association (BANA), which must describe how the insured depositoryinstitution would be resolved under the bank resolution provisions of the FederalDeposit Insurance Act. A description of this plan is available on the FDIC’s website.
5 Bank of America
We continue to make progress to enhance our resolvability, which includescontinued improvements to our preparedness and exercise capabilities to implementour resolution plan, both from a financial and operational standpoint.Across international jurisdictions, resolution planning is the responsibility ofnational resolution authorities (RA) and central resolution authorities (CA). Amongthose, the jurisdictions with the greatest impact to the Corporation’s subsidiaries arethe U.K., Ireland, France, Mexico, Hong Kong, Indonesia, the Philippines andMalaysia where rules have been issued requiring the submission of significantinformation about locally incorporated subsidiaries as well as the Corporation’sbanking branches located in those jurisdictions that are deemed to be material forresolution planning purposes. As a result of the RA’s and CA's review of the submittedinformation, we could be required to take certain actions over the next several yearsthat could increase operating costs and potentially result in the restructuring of certainbusinesses and subsidiaries.For more information regarding our resolution plan, see Item 1A. Risk Factors –Liquidity on page 9.
Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation AuthorityUnder the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC may be appointed receiver of aninsured depository institution if it is insolvent or in certain other circumstances. Inaddition, under the Financial Reform Act, when a systemically important financialinstitution (SIFI) such as the Corporation is in default or danger of default, the FDICmay be appointed receiver in order to conduct an orderly liquidation of such institution.In the event of such appointment, the FDIC could, among other things, invoke theorderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if the Secretary ofthe Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic risk determinations. Theorderly liquidation authority is modeled in part on the Federal Deposit Insurance Act,but also adopts certain concepts from the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.The orderly liquidation authority contains certain differences from the U.S.Bankruptcy Code. For example, in certain circumstances, the FDIC could permitpayment of obligations it determines to be systemically significant (e.g., short-termcreditors or operating creditors) in lieu of paying other obligations (e.g., long-termcreditors) without the need to obtain creditors’ consent or prior court review. Theinsolvency and resolution process could also lead to a large reduction or totalelimination of the value of a BHC’s outstanding equity, as well as impairment orelimination of certain debt.Under the FDIC’s “single point of entry” strategy for resolving SIFIs, the FDICcould replace a distressed BHC with a bridge holding company, which could continueoperations and result in an orderly resolution of the underlying bank, but whose equityis held solely for the benefit of creditors of the original BHC.Furthermore, the Federal Reserve requires that BHCs maintain minimum levels oflong-term debt required to provide adequate loss absorbing capacity in the event of aresolution.For more information regarding our resolution, see Item 1A. Risk Factors –Liquidity on page 9.
Limitations on AcquisitionsThe Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of 1994 permits aBHC to acquire banks located in states other than its home state without regard tostate law, subject to certain conditions, including the condition that the BHC, after andas a result of the acquisition, controls no more than 10 percent of the total amount ofdeposits of insured depository institutions in the U.S. and no more than 30 percent orsuch
lesser or greater amount set by state law of such deposits in that state. At June 30,2025, we held greater than 10 percent of the total amount of deposits of insureddepository institutions in the U.S.In addition, the Financial Reform Act restricts acquisitions by a financial institutionif, as a result of the acquisition, the total liabilities of the financial institution wouldexceed 10 percent of the total liabilities of all financial institutions in the U.S. At June30, 2025, our liabilities did not exceed 10 percent of the total liabilities of all financialinstitutions in the U.S.
The Volcker RuleThe Volcker Rule prohibits insured depository institutions and companies affiliatedwith insured depository institutions (collectively, banking entities) from engaging inshort-term proprietary trading of certain securities, derivatives, commodity futures andoptions for their own account. The Volcker Rule also imposes limits on bankingentities’ investments in, and other relationships with, hedge funds and private equityfunds. The Volcker Rule provides exemptions for certain activities, including marketmaking, underwriting, hedging, trading in government obligations, insurance companyactivities and organizing and offering hedge funds and private equity funds. TheVolcker Rule also clarifies that certain activities are not prohibited, including acting asagent, broker or custodian. A banking entity with significant trading operations, suchas the Corporation, is required to maintain a detailed compliance program to complywith the restrictions of the Volcker Rule.
DerivativesOur derivatives businesses are subject to extensive regulation globally, includingunder the Financial Reform Act, the European Union (EU) Markets in FinancialInstruments Directive and Regulation, the European Market Infrastructure Regulation,analogous U.K. regulatory regimes and similar regulatory regimes in otherjurisdictions. These regulations, among other things, require clearing and exchangetrading of certain derivatives, establish capital, margin, reporting, registration andbusiness conduct requirements for certain market participants, set position limits oncertain derivatives and set out derivatives trading transparency requirements.In addition, many G-20 jurisdictions, including the U.S., EU, U.K., and Japan, haveadopted resolution stay regulations to address concerns that the close-out ofderivatives and other financial contracts could impede orderly resolution of G-SIBs.Generally, these regulations require amendment of certain financial contracts toprovide for contractual recognition of stays of termination rights under variousstatutory resolution regimes and a stay on the exercise of cross-default rights basedon an affiliate’s entry into insolvency proceedings. Resolution regulations may alsorequire contractual recognition by the counterparty that amounts owed to them may bewritten down or converted into equity as part of a bail in. As resolution stay regulationsof a particular jurisdiction applicable to us go into effect, we amend impacted financialcontracts in compliance with such regulations either as a regulated entity or as acounterparty facing a regulated entity in such jurisdiction.
Bank of America 6
Consumer RegulationsOur consumer businesses are subject to extensive federal regulation and oversight byfederal and state authorities. We are subject to numerous federal consumer protectionlaws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, FairHousing Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act (EFTA), Fair Credit Reporting Act, RealEstate Settlement Procedures Act, prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts orpractices, Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act and the Servicemembers CivilRelief Act.
Privacy and Information SecurityWe are subject to many U.S. federal, state and international laws and regulationsgoverning requirements for maintaining policies and procedures regarding thecollection, disclosure, use and protection of the personal information of our customersand employees. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires us to periodically disclose Bankof America’s privacy policies and practices relating to the disclosure of customerinformation and enables retail customers to opt out of our ability to share informationwith unaffiliated third parties, under certain circumstances. The Gramm-Leach-BlileyAct and other laws also require us to implement a comprehensive information securityprogram that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to provide thesecurity and confidentiality of customer records and information. Security and privacypolicies and procedures for the protection of personal and confidential information arein effect across all businesses and geographic locations.
Other laws and regulations, at the international, federal and state level, impact ourability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/ornon-marketing purposes, or contact customers with marketing offers and establishcertain rights of consumers in connection with theirpersonal information. For example, California’s Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)provides consumers with the right to know what personal data is being collected, knowwhether their personal data is sold, or disclosed for purposes of targeted marketing,and to whom, and opt out of the sale or disclosure of their personal data, among otherrights. In addition, in the EU and other countries around the world, similar laws, suchas the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), afford those countries’ residentswith certain rights related to their information and may impose additional obligationson financial institutions. The impact of these laws on the Corporation is assessed andaddressed through comprehensive compliance implementation programs. Theseexisting and evolving legal requirements in the U.S. and abroad, as well as courtproceedings and changing guidance from regulatory bodies, including the validity ofcross-border data transfer mechanisms from the EU and other jurisdictions, continueto lend uncertainty to privacy compliance globally.Additionally, the Corporation is subject to emerging and evolving informationsecurity (including cybersecurity) LRRs enacted by U.S. federal and stategovernments and non-U.S. jurisdictions, including requirements to developcybersecurity and resilience programs, policies and frameworks, as well as providedisclosure and/or notifications of certain cybersecurity incidents and data breaches.Artificial intelligence-related (AI) LRRs are also rapidly evolving in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions imposing various obligations, including AI governance and riskmanagement, transparency and consumer disclosures, documentation and reportingrequirements, AI use restrictions and enhanced compliance obligations for AI systems,including those categorized as high risk. For more information on risks related toprivacy and information security, see Item 1A. Risk Factors on beginning on page 8.
7 Bank of America
Item 1A. Risk FactorsThe discussion below addresses our material risk factors of which we are aware. Anyrisk factor, either by itself or together with other risk factors, could materially andadversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financialcondition. References to third parties may include suppliers, service providers,counterparties, financial market utilities, exchanges and clearing houses, dataaggregators and other partners and their upstream and downstream service providers(e.g., fourth parties, fifth parties) who may also contribute to our risks. Other factorsnot currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also adverselyaffect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.Therefore, the risk factors below should not be considered all of the potential risks thatwe may face. For more information on how we manage risks, see Managing Risk inthe MD&A beginning on page 45. For more information about the risks contained inthis section, see Item 1. Business beginning on page 2, MD&A beginning on page 26and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 95.
MarketWe may be adversely affected by the financial markets, fiscal, monetary, andregulatory policies, and economic conditions.General economic, political, social and health conditions, including any prolongedeconomic downturn that may occur, in the U.S. and abroad affect financial marketsand our businesses. In particular, global markets may be affected by the level andvolatility of interest rates, availability and market conditions of financing, changes ingross domestic product (GDP), economic growth or its sustainability, inflation, supplychain disruptions, consumer spending, employment levels, labor market conditions,wage stagnation, federal government shutdowns, energy prices, home prices,commercial property values, bankruptcies and a default by a significant marketparticipant or class of counterparties, including in emerging markets. Global marketsalso may be affected by adverse developments impacting the U.S. or global bankingindustry, including bank and nonbank financial institution failures and liquidityconcerns, the actual or perceived impact of asset prices exceeding their underlyingeconomic fundamentals, fluctuations or other significant changes in both debt andequity capital markets and currencies, the impact of the volatility of digital assets onthe broader market, changing perceptions of the impact and profitability arising fromemerging technologies, the rate of growth of global trade and commerce, tradepolicies, the availability and cost of capital and credit, disruption of communication,transportation or energy infrastructure, recessionary fears, investor sentiment and theU.S. and global election cycles, including stated, perceived or actual changes to policyand the geopolitical environment. Global markets, including energy and othercommodity markets, may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipatedimpact of climate matters, extreme weather events or natural disasters, widespreadhealth emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, military conflicts, terrorism or othergeopolitical events. Market fluctuations may impact our margin requirements andliquidity.Any sudden or prolonged market downturn, as a result of the above factors orotherwise, could reduce net interest income and noninterest income and adverselyaffect our results of operations and financial condition, including capital and liquiditylevels. Elevated inflation and interest rate levels, monetary tightening by central banksand geopolitical developments could continue to adversely impact financial marketsand
macroeconomic conditions, as well as result in increased market volatility anddisruptions and recessionary risk.Global uncertainties regarding fiscal and monetary policies continue to presenteconomic challenges. High and rising debt levels in the U.S. and globally maycontribute to interest rate volatility, which may constrain governments’ fiscal policies,potentially resulting in adverse economic outcomes. Actions taken by the FederalReserve or central banks in other jurisdictions, including changes in target rates,balance sheet management and lending facilities, are beyond our control and difficultto predict, particularly in response to the uncertainty of inflationary paths. This canaffect interest rates and the value of financial instruments and other assets, such asdebt securities, and impact our borrowers and potentially increase delinquency ratesand may also raise government debt levels, adversely affect businesses andhousehold incomes, adversely impact the banking sector generally, and increaseuncertainty surrounding monetary policy. While the Federal Reserve reduced policyrates in 2025, uncertainty remains regarding the pace and duration of the reduction ofmarket interest rates. If inflation does not continue to decline toward the FederalReserve’s target, the Federal Reserve may hold the fed funds rate steady or raiserates, resulting in a flat or inverted yield curve, volatility of equity and other markets,and volatility of the U.S. dollar, which could impact investor risk appetite and ourborrowers, potentially increasing delinquency rates. Financial market volatility couldalso result from uncertainty about the timing and extent of any additional rate cuts bythe Federal Reserve in response to moderating inflation, weakening economicconditions and/or labor market conditions. Any future change in monetary policy by theFederal Reserve, in an effort to stimulate the economy or otherwise, resulting in lowerinterest rates would typically result in lower revenue through lower net interest income,which could adversely affect our results of operations.Also, changes to existing U.S. laws and regulatory policies and evolving priorities,including those related to financial regulation, taxation, international trade, fiscal policyand healthcare, may adversely impact U.S. or global economic activity and ourclients’, our counterparties’ and our earnings and operations. High and rising federaldebt levels, investor concerns about U.S. fiscal spending, changes to fiscal policy anduncertainty about the U.S. budget process could lead to lower investor appetite ormarket depth for future issuance of U.S. debt securities, higher interest rates, dollardepreciation and financial market volatility, potentially impacting broader economicactivity. Further, if the U.S. government’s debt ceiling limit is not addressed and/orincreased timely, the ramifications may result in market volatility, ratings downgradesand limit fiscal policy responses to recessionary conditions. This could have anegative and potentially severe impact on the U.S. and world economy and financialand capital markets, including higher interest rates, higher volatility, lower assetvalues, lower liquidity, downgrades to U.S. debt, and a weakened U.S. dollar, whichcould adversely affect our results of operations.Changes to international trade and investment policies by the U.S. or othercountries, and the uncertainty about potential changes, could negatively impactfinancial markets globally. Significant increases in tariff rates in the past year havegenerated heightened market volatility. Further increases or instability associated withtariffs, either broadly applied or targeted at specific goods or trading partners, couldadversely impact economic conditions and/or result in higher inflation, which couldresult in financial market volatility as markets adjust to the incremental cost of doingbusiness and/or new business models to reduce the impacts, as well as adversely
Bank of America 8
impact asset prices as experienced in early 2025. Also, the continuation or escalationof tensions between the U.S. and the People’s Republic of China (China), includingtariff increases, could lead to further U.S. measures that adversely affect financialmarkets, disrupt world trade and commerce and lead to trade retaliation, includingthrough the use of counter tariffs, foreign exchange measures or the large-scale saleof U.S. Treasury bonds.These developments could adversely affect our businesses, clients, includingdemand for our products and services, our market-making activities, our and ourclients’ securities and derivatives portfolios, including the risk of lower re-investmentrates in those portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, thecarrying value of our deferred tax assets, our capital levels, our liquidity, our costs ofrunning our businesses and our results of operations.Increased market volatility and adverse changes in financial or capital marketconditions may increase our market risk.Our liquidity, competitive position, business, results of operations and financialcondition are affected by market risks such as changes in interest and currencyexchange rates, fluctuations in equity, commodity and futures prices, trading volumesand prices of securitized products, the implied volatility of interest rates and creditspreads, idiosyncratic market events and other economic and business factors. Thesemarket risks may adversely affect, among other things, the value of our securities,including our on- and off-balance sheet securities, trading assets and other financialinstruments, the cost of debt capital and our access to credit markets, the value ofassets under management (AUM), fee income relating to AUM, client allocation ofcapital among investment alternatives, the volume of client activity in our tradingoperations, investment banking, underwriting and other capital market fees and thegeneral profitability and risk level of the transactions in which we engage and ourcompetitiveness with respect to deposit pricing. The value of certain of our assets issensitive to changes in market interest rates and/or spreads. If the Federal Reserve ora non-U.S. central bank changes or signals a change in monetary policy, marketinterest rates or credit spreads could be affected, which could adversely impact thevalue of such assets. Changes to fiscal policy, including expansion of U.S. federaldeficit spending could also affect the market’s receptivity to debt issuance and marketinterest rates. If interest rates continue to decrease, our results of operations could benegatively impacted, including future revenue and earnings growth.Our models and strategies to assess and control our market risk exposures aresubject to inherent limitations. In times of market stress or other unforeseencircumstances, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated. Suchchanges to the relationship between market parameters may limit the effectiveness ofour hedging strategies and cause us to incur significant losses. Changes in correlationcan be exacerbated where market participants use risk or trading models withassumptions or algorithms similar to ours. In these and other cases, it may be difficultto reduce our risk positions due to activity of other market participants or widespreadmarket dislocations, including circumstances where asset values are decliningsignificantly or no market exists. Where we own securities that do not have anestablished liquid trading market or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sale orhedging, or where the degree of accessible liquidity declines significantly, we may notbe able to reduce our positions and risks associated with such holdings, so we maysuffer larger than expected losses when adverse price movements take place.
This risk can be exacerbated where we hold a position that is large relative to theavailable liquidity.If asset values decline, we may incur losses and negative impacts, including tocapital and liquidity positions and requirements.We have a large portfolio of financial instruments, including loans and loancommitments, securities financing agreements, asset-backed secured financings,derivative assets and liabilities, debt securities, marketable equity securities andcertain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value and are subject tovaluation and impairment assessments. We determine these values based onapplicable accounting guidance, which, for financial instruments measured at fairvalue, requires an entity to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use ofobservable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair valuemeasurements. The fair values of these financial instruments include adjustments formarket liquidity, credit quality, funding impact on certain derivatives and othertransaction-specific factors, where appropriate.Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results ofoperations, unless we have effectively mitigated the risk of our exposures. Increasesin interest rates may cause decreases in residential mortgage loan originations andcould impact the origination of corporate debt. In addition, increases in interest ratesor changes in spreads may adversely impact the fair value of our debt securities and,accordingly, for debt securities classified as available-for-sale (AFS), adversely affectaccumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, our capital levels. Increases ininterest rates or changes in spreads could also adversely impact our regulatoryliquidity position and requirements, which include eligible AFS debt securities andheld-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities. As our liquidity is dependent on the fair valueof these assets, increases in market interest rates and/or wider spreads, haveadversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact the fair value of debtsecurities, adversely affecting liquidity levels.Fair values may be impacted by declining values of the underlying assets or theprices at which observable market transactions occur and the continued availability ofthese transactions or indices. The financial strength of counterparties, with whom wehave economically hedged some of our exposure to these assets, also will affect thefair value of these assets. Sudden declines and volatility in the prices of assets maycurtail or eliminate trading activities in these assets, which may make it difficult to sell,hedge or value these assets. The inability to sell or effectively hedge assets reducesour ability to limit losses in such positions, and the difficulty in valuing assets mayincrease our risk-weighted assets (RWA), which requires us to maintain additionalcapital and increases our funding costs. Values of AUM also impact revenues in ourwealth management and related advisory businesses for asset-based managementand performance fees. Declines in values of AUM can result in lower fees earned formanaging such assets.
LiquidityIf we are unable to access capital markets, we experience sustained net depositoutflows, or our borrowing costs increase, our liquidity and competitiveposition may be negatively affected.Liquidity is essential to our businesses and is primarily supported by globallysourced deposits in our bank entities, as well as secured and unsecured liabilitiestransacted in the capital markets. We rely on certain secured funding sources, such asrepo markets, which are typically short-term and may be credit-sensitive. We alsoengage in asset securitization transactions, including with the government-sponsored
9 Bank of America
enterprises (GSEs), to help fund a portion of our consumer lending activities. Ourliquidity could be adversely affected by any inability to access the capital markets,illiquidity or volatility in the capital markets, the decrease in value of eligible collateralor increased collateral requirements (including as a result of credit concerns for short-term borrowing), changes to our relationships with our funding providers based on realor perceived changes in our risk profile, prolonged federal government shutdowns, oruncertainty regarding the impact of potential GSE privatization.Also, our liquidity or cost of funds may be negatively impacted by the unwillingnessor inability of the Federal Reserve to act as lender of last resort, unexpectedsimultaneous draws on credit lines or deposits, slower client payment rates, restrictedaccess to the assets of prime brokerage clients, the failure to attract or retain clientdeposits or invested funds, including large-scale deposit migration (e.g., from attritionresulting from clients seeking higher yielding deposits or to an alternative financialinstitution perceived to be safer, changing investment preferences or securitiesproducts, moving balances into digital assets (e.g., stablecoin) or other alternativenon-bank financial platforms, changes to spending behavior due to inflation, a declinein the economy or other drivers resulting in an increased need for cash), increasedregulatory liquidity, capital and margin requirements for our U.S. or international banksand their nonbank subsidiaries, which could result in the inability to transfer liquidityinternally, changes in patterns of intraday liquidity usage resulting from a counterpartyor technology failure or other idiosyncratic event or failure, the default by a significantmarket participant or third party (including clearing agents, custodians, central banksor central counterparty clearinghouses (CCPs)) or the inability to sell assets due toilliquid markets (e.g., no market exists or market saturation). These factors mayincrease our borrowing costs and negatively impact our liquidity.Several of these factors may arise from circumstances beyond our control, such asgeneral market volatility, disruption, shock or stress, stress in sovereign debt markets,the emergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, sanctions andgeopolitical events and/or turmoil (including military conflicts). Federal Reserve policydecisions (including fluctuations in interest rates or Federal Reserve balance sheetcomposition), negative views or loss of confidence about us, the financial servicesindustry or the U.S. monetary system generally, or due to a specific news event (e.g.,bank failures), the further development and acceptance of nonbank digital assetecosystems (e.g., stablecoin), changes in the regulatory environment or governmentalfiscal or monetary policies, actions by credit rating agencies or an operational problemthat affects third parties or us. The impact of these potentially sudden events, whetherwithin our control or not, could result in our inability to sell assets or redeeminvestments, unforeseen outflows of cash, draws on liquidity facilities, reducedfinancing balances, the loss of equity secured funding, debt repurchases to supportthe secondary market or meet client requests, the need for additional funding forcommitments and contingencies and unexpected collateral calls, among other things,the result of which could be increased costs, a liquidity shortfall and/or impact on ourliquidity coverage ratio and net stable funding ratio.Our liquidity and cost of funds may be impacted by reputational damage, investorbehavior and confidence, debt market disruption, firm specific concerns or prevailingmarket conditions, including changes in interest and currency exchange rates,significant fluctuations in equity and futures prices, lower
trading volumes and prices of securitized products and our credit spreads. Increasesin interest rates and our credit spreads can increase funding costs and result in mark-to-market or credit valuation adjustment exposures. Credit spread changes are marketdriven and may be influenced by market perceptions of our creditworthiness, includingcredit rating changes or changes in broader financial market and macroeconomicconditions. Changes to interest rates and our credit spreads occur continuously andmay be unpredictable and highly volatile. We may also experience net interest margincompression from offering higher than expected deposit rates in order to attract andmaintain deposits or otherwise. Concentrations within our funding profile, such as bymaturity, currency or counterparty, can also reduce our funding efficiency.Reduction in our credit ratings could limit our access to funding or the capitalmarkets, increase borrowing costs or trigger additional collateral or fundingrequirements.Our credit ratings directly affect our borrowing costs and access to funding. Creditratings are also important to investors, clients or counterparties when we compete incertain markets and seek to engage in certain transactions, including over-the-counter(OTC) derivatives. Rating agencies conduct ongoing reviews of our credit ratingsbased on a number of financial and nonfinancial factors, including our franchise,financial strength, performance and prospects, management, governance, riskmanagement practices, capital adequacy, asset quality and operations, among othercriteria, as well as factors beyond our control, such as regulatory developments,macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, changes in rating methodologies or U.S.sovereign debt ratings.Rating agencies could adjust our credit ratings at any time and there can be noassurance as to whether or when a downgrade could occur. A downgrade could widenour credit spread, negatively affect our access to credit markets, the related cost offunds, our businesses and certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesseswhere counterparty creditworthiness is critical. Downgrades of short-term creditratings of our parent company or bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries, could reduce oreliminate access to short-term funding sources such as repo financing, and/or incurincreased cost of funds and increased collateral requirements. Under the terms ofcertain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements, a credit ratingdowngrade could require us or our subsidiaries to post additional collateral or permitcounterparties to terminate these contracts or agreements.While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the fullconsequences of a credit rating downgrade are inherently uncertain and depend uponnumerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factors and assumptions, including therelationship between long-term and short-term credit ratings and the behaviors ofclients, investors and counterparties.Bank of America Corporation is a holding company, is dependent on itssubsidiaries for liquidity and may be restricted from transferring funds fromsubsidiaries.Bank of America Corporation, as the parent company, is a separate and distinctlegal entity from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries. We evaluate and manage liquidityon a legal entity basis. Legal entity liquidity is an important consideration as there arelegal, regulatory, contractual and other limitations on our ability to utilize liquidity fromone legal entity to satisfy the liquidity requirements of another, including the parentcompany, which could result in adverse liquidity events. The parent company dependson dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from our bank and nonbanksubsidiaries to fund dividend payments on our common and preferred stock and to
Bank of America 10
fund payments on our other obligations, including debt obligations. Any inability of oursubsidiaries to transfer funds, pay dividends or make payments to the parent companymay adversely affect our cash flow, liquidity and financial condition.Many subsidiaries, including bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject tolaws that restrict dividend payments, or authorize regulatory bodies to block or reducethe flow of funds from those subsidiaries to the parent company or other subsidiaries.Our bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability tolend or transact with affiliates, minimum regulatory capital and liquidity requirementsand restrictions on their ability to use funds deposited with them in bank or brokerageaccounts to fund their businesses. Intercompany arrangements in connection with ourresolution planning submissions could restrict the amount of subsidiary fundingavailable to the parent company from our subsidiaries under certain adverseconditions.Additional restrictions on transactions with certain related parties, increased capitaland liquidity requirements and additional limitations on the use of funds on deposit inbank or brokerage accounts, as well as lower earnings, can reduce the amount offunds available to meet the obligations of the parent company and may require theparent company to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries. Regulatory actionthat requires additional liquidity at our subsidiaries could impede access to funds weneed to pay our obligations or pay dividends. In addition, our right to participate in adistribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject toprior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors.Bank of America Corporation’s liquidity and financial condition, and the abilityto pay dividends and obligations, could be adversely affected in the event of aresolution.Bank of America Corporation, our parent holding company, is required to submit aplan to the FDIC and Federal Reserve every two years describing its resolutionstrategy under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of material financial distress orfailure. Bank of America Corporation’s preferred resolution strategy is a “single point ofentry” strategy, whereby only the parent holding company would file for bankruptcyunder the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Certain key operating subsidiaries would beprovided with sufficient capital and liquidity to operate through severe stress and toenable such subsidiaries to continue operating or be wound down in a solvent mannerfollowing a bankruptcy of the parent holding company. Bank of America Corporationhas entered into intercompany arrangements resulting in the contribution of most of itscapital and liquidity to key subsidiaries. Pursuant to these arrangements, if Bank ofAmerica Corporation’s liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolutionbecomes imminent, it will no longer be able to draw liquidity from its key subsidiariesand will be required to contribute its remaining financial assets to a wholly-ownedholding company subsidiary. This could adversely affect our liquidity and financialcondition, including the ability to meet our payment obligations, and our ability to paydividends and/or repurchase our common stock.If the FDIC and Federal Reserve jointly determine that Bank of AmericaCorporation’s resolution plan is not credible, they could impose more stringent capitalor liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations. Wecould also be required to take certain actions that could impose operating costs andresult in the divestiture of assets or restructuring of businesses and subsidiaries.When a G-SIB such as Bank of America Corporation is in default or danger ofdefault, the FDIC may be appointed receiver to conduct an orderly liquidation, andcould, among other things,
invoke the orderly liquidation authority, instead of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, if theSecretary of the Treasury makes certain financial distress and systemic riskdeterminations. Also, the FDIC could replace Bank of America Corporation with abridge holding company, which could continue operations and result in an orderlyresolution of the underlying bank, but whose equity would be held solely for the benefitof our creditors. The FDIC’s “single point of entry” strategy may result in our securityholders suffering greater losses than would have been the case under a bankruptcyproceeding or a different resolution strategy.If the Corporation is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or the FDIC’sorderly liquidation authority, third-party creditors of our subsidiaries may receivesignificant or full recoveries on their claims, while security holders of Bank of AmericaCorporation could face significant or complete losses.
CreditEconomic or market disruptions and insufficient credit loss reserves may resultin a higher provision for credit losses.A number of our products expose us to credit risk, including loans, letters of credit,derivatives, debt securities, trading account assets and assets held-for-sale.Deterioration in the financial condition of our consumer and commercial borrowers,counterparties or underlying collateral could adversely affect our results of operationsand financial condition.Our credit portfolios may be impacted by U.S. and global macroeconomic andmarket conditions and uncertainties, events and disruptions, including declines inGDP, consumer spending or property values, asset price corrections, increasingconsumer and corporate leverage, increases in corporate bond spreads, governmentshutdowns or policies such as tax changes, changes in international trade policyincluding tariff rates, rising or elevated unemployment levels, elevated inflation or costof living expenses, fluctuations in foreign exchange or interest rates, as well as theemergence of widespread health emergencies or pandemics, extreme weather eventsand natural disasters. Significant economic or market stresses and disruptionstypically have a negative impact on the business environment and financial markets,which could impact the underlying credit quality of our borrowers and counterpartiesand asset values. Property value declines or asset price corrections could increasethe risk of borrowers or counterparties defaulting or becoming delinquent in theirobligations to us, and could decrease the value of the collateral we hold, which couldincrease credit losses. Credit risk could also be magnified by lending to leveragedborrowers or as a result of declining asset prices, including property or collateralvalues. Simultaneous drawdowns on lines of credit and/or an increase in a borrower’sleverage in a weakening economic environment, or otherwise, could result indeterioration in our credit portfolio, should borrowers be unable to fulfill competingfinancial obligations. Increased delinquency and default rates could adversely affectour credit portfolios and increase charge-offs and provisions for credit losses.A recessionary environment and/or a rise in unemployment could adversely impactthe ability of our consumer and/or commercial borrowers or counterparties to meettheir financial obligations and negatively impact our credit portfolio. Consumers havebeen and may continue to be negatively impacted by inflation and/or a higher cost ofliving, potentially resulting in drawdowns of savings or increases in household debt.Elevated interest rates over the past several years, which have increased debtservicing costs for some businesses and households, may adversely impact creditquality, particularly in recessionary environments. Certain sectors also remain at risk
11 Bank of America
(e.g., commercial real estate, particularly office) as a result of shifts in demand andtight financial and credit conditions. Globally, conditions of slow growth or recessioncould further contribute to weaker credit conditions. If the macroeconomicenvironment or certain sectors worsen, our credit portfolio, net charge-offs, provisionand allowance for credit losses could be adversely impacted.We establish an allowance for credit losses, which includes the allowance for loanand lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments, based onmanagement's best estimate of lifetime current expected credit losses (CECL)inherent in our relevant financial assets. The process to determine the allowance forcredit losses uses models and assumptions that require us to make difficult andcomplex judgments that are often interrelated, including forecasting how borrowers orcounterparties may perform in changing economic conditions. The ability of ourborrowers or counterparties to repay their obligations may be impacted by changes infuture economic conditions, which in turn could impact the accuracy of our lossforecasts and allowance estimates. There is also the possibility that we have failed orwill fail to accurately identify the appropriate economic indicators or accuratelyestimate their impacts to our borrowers or counterparties, which could impact theaccuracy of our loss forecasts and allowance estimates.If the models, estimates and assumptions we use to establish reserves or thejudgments we make in extending credit to our borrowers or counterparties, which aremore sensitive due to the current uncertain macroeconomic and geopoliticalenvironment, prove inaccurate in predicting future events, we may suffer losses inexcess of our CECL. In addition, changes to external factors can negatively impactour recognition of credit losses in our portfolios and allowance for credit losses.The allowance for credit losses is our best estimate of CECL, but there is noguarantee that it will be sufficient to address credit losses, particularly if the economicoutlook deteriorates significantly, quickly or unexpectedly. As circumstances change,we may increase our allowance, which would reduce earnings. If economic conditionsworsen, impacting our consumer and commercial borrowers, counterparties orunderlying collateral, and credit losses are unexpectedly worse, we may increase ourprovision for credit losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations andfinancial condition.Our concentrations of credit risk could adversely affect our credit losses,results of operations and financial condition.We have been in the past and may in the future be subject to concentrations ofcredit risk because of a common characteristic or common sensitivity to economic,financial, public health or business developments. Concentrations of credit risk mayreside in a particular industry, geography, product, asset class, counterparty or withinany pool of exposures with a common risk characteristic. A deterioration in thefinancial condition or prospects of a particular industry, geographic location, product orasset class, or a failure or downgrade of, or default by, any particular entity or group ofentities could negatively affect our businesses, and it is possible our limits and creditmonitoring exposure controls will not function as anticipated.We execute a high volume of transactions and have significant creditconcentrations with respect to the financial services industry, predominantlycomprised of broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, insurancecompanies, mutual funds, hedge funds, CCPs, alternative asset managers and otherinstitutional clients or finance companies. Financial services institutions and othercounterparties are inter-related because of trading, funding, clearing or otherrelationships.
Defaults by one or more counterparties, or market uncertainty about the financialstability of one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industrygenerally, could lead to market-wide liquidity disruptions, losses, defaults and relateddisputes and litigation.Our credit risk may also be heightened by market risk when the collateral held byus cannot be liquidated or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the fullamount of the loan or derivatives exposure, which may occur from events that impactthe value of the collateral, such as a sudden change in asset price or fraud. Disputeswith obligors as to the valuation of collateral could increase with significant marketstress, volatility or illiquidity, and we could suffer losses if we are unable to realize thefair value of the collateral or manage declines in the value of collateral. Ourcounterparty credit risk can increase if margin posted by counterparties is insufficientto cover exposures and elevated counterparty exposure is accompanied by anincrease in the counterparty’s likelihood of default.We have concentrations of credit risk, including with respect to our consumer realestate and consumer credit card exposure, as well as our commercial real estate,finance companies and asset managers and funds portfolios, which represent asignificant percentage of our overall credit portfolio. Declining home price valuationsand demand where we have large concentrations could result in increased servicingadvances and expenses, defaults, delinquencies or credit losses. The increasingfrequency and severity of extreme weather events and natural disasters, includingearthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and hurricanes, could negatively impactcollateral, the valuations of home or commercial real estate or our clients’ abilityand/or willingness to pay fees, outstanding loans or afford new products. This couldalso cause insurability risk and/or increased insurance costs to clients. Economicweaknesses, increased or sustained elevated inflation, adverse business conditions,market disruptions, adverse economic or market events, rising interest orcapitalization rates, declining asset prices, greater volatility in areas where we haveconcentrated credit risk or deterioration in real estate values or household incomesmay cause us to experience higher credit losses in our portfolios or write down thevalue of certain assets. We could also experience continued and long-term negativeimpacts to commercial credit exposure and increased credit losses in industries thatmay be permanently impacted by changes in consumer preferences, tariffs or otherindustry disruptions, including from emerging technologies.We also enter into transactions with sovereign nations, U.S. states andmunicipalities. Uncertain economic or political conditions or policies, such aseconomic sanctions or increased tariffs, disruptions to capital markets, currencyfluctuations, changes in commodity prices and social instability, could adverselyimpact the operating budgets or credit ratings of government entities and expose us tocredit and liquidity risk.Liquidity disruptions in the financial markets may result in our inability to sell,syndicate or realize the value of our positions, increasing concentrations, which couldincrease RWA and the credit and market risk associated with our positions, andincrease operational and litigation costs.We may be adversely affected by weaknesses in the U.S. housing market.During 2025, the U.S. housing market continued to be impacted by elevatedmortgage rates, including 30-year fixed-rate mortgages that more than doubled from2021. In addition, while U.S. home prices have experienced meaningful appreciationover the past several years and remained generally stable in 2025, there has beensome regional dispersion in
Bank of America 12
housing prices since the beginning of 2025, which we have been closely monitoring.These trends have negatively impacted housing affordability generally, and thereforethe demand for some of our products. A downturn in the U.S. housing market couldresult in significant write-downs of asset values in several asset classes, notably ourheld-for-investment residential mortgage and home equity portfolio. If the U.S. housingmarket weakens and real estate values decline, we could experience increased creditlosses and delinquent servicing expenses, negatively affecting our allowance for creditlosses and representations and warranties exposures, and adversely affecting ourresults of operations and financial condition.Our derivatives businesses may expose us to unexpected risks, which mayresult in losses and adversely affect liquidity.We are party to a large number of derivatives transactions that may expose us tounexpected market, credit and operational risks that could cause us to sufferunexpected losses. Fluctuations in asset values or rates or an unanticipated creditevent, including unforeseen circumstances that may cause previously uncorrelatedfactors to become correlated, may lead to losses resulting from risks not taken intoaccount or anticipated in the development, structuring or pricing of a derivativeinstrument. Certain derivative contracts and other trading agreements provide thatupon the occurrence of certain specified events, such as a change to our or ouraffiliates’ credit ratings, we may be required to provide additional collateral or takeother remedial actions, and we could experience increased difficulty obtaining fundingor hedging risks. In some cases our counterparties may have the right to terminate orotherwise diminish our rights under these contracts or agreements upon theoccurrence of such events.We are also a member of various CCPs, which results in credit risk exposure tothose CCPs. In the event that one or more members of a CCP defaults on theirobligations, we may be required to pay a portion of any losses incurred by such CCP.A CCP may also, at its discretion, modify the margin we are required to post, whichcould mean unexpected and increased funding costs and exposure to that CCP. As aclearing member, we are exposed to the risk of non-performance by our clients forwhich we clear transactions, which may not be covered by available collateral. Also,default by a significant market participant may result in further risk and potentiallosses.
GeopoliticalWe are subject to numerous political, economic, market, reputational,operational, compliance, legal, regulatory and other risks in the jurisdictions inwhich we operate.We do business globally, including in emerging markets. Economic or geopoliticalstress in one or more countries could have a negative impact regionally or globally,resulting in, among other things, market volatility, valuation declines and declines ineconomic output. Our liquidity and credit risk could be adversely impacted by, and ourbusinesses and revenues derived from non-U.S. jurisdictions are subject to, risk ofloss from financial, social or judicial instability, economic sanctions, governmentleadership changes, including from electoral outcomes or otherwise, governmental orcentral bank policy changes, expropriation, nationalization and/or confiscation ofassets, price controls, high inflation, weather events, natural disasters, widespreadhealth emergencies or pandemics, capital controls, currency re-denomination riskfrom a country exiting the EU or otherwise, currency fluctuations, foreign exchangecontrols or movements (caused by devaluation or de-pegging), unfavorable politicaland diplomatic developments, oil price fluctuations and
changes in legislation. These risks are heightened in emerging markets.Political and economic interactions between the U.S. and important tradingpartners, including China, but also more broadly across Asia, Europe, Latin Americaand North America, have become increasingly fragmented and complex and mayresult in sanctions, further tariff increases or other restrictive actions on cross-bordertrade, investment and transfer of data and information technology. Such actions,which may also include actions taken against other countries to enforce traderestrictions, could reduce trade volumes, result in supply chain disruptions, increasecosts for producers, and adversely affect our businesses and revenues, as well as ourclients and counterparties, including their credit quality.Slowing growth, recessionary conditions, adverse geopolitical conditions andpolitical or civil unrest, foreign trade competition, employment levels, wage pressuresand elevated inflation in certain countries may pose challenges, including fromvolatility in financial markets. Foreign exchange rates against the U.S. dollar remainuncertain and potentially volatile, and depreciation could increase our financial riskswith clients that deal in non-U.S. currencies but have U.S. dollar-denominated debt.We invest or trade in the securities of corporations and governments located innon-U.S. jurisdictions, including emerging markets. Revenues from the trading of non-U.S. securities may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above factors.Furthermore, the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because non-U.S.trading markets, particularly in emerging markets, are generally smaller, less liquidand more volatile than U.S. trading markets. Risks in one nation can limit ouropportunities for portfolio growth and negatively affect our operations in other nations,including our U.S. operations. Market and economic disruptions may affect consumerconfidence levels and spending, corporate investment and job creation, bankruptcyrates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer and corporate debt, economicgrowth rates and asset values, among other factors.Elevated government debt levels raise the risk of volatility, significant valuationchanges and political tensions regarding fiscal policy or defaults on or devaluation ofsovereign debt, all of which could expose us to substantial losses. Financial marketshave been and may continue to be sensitive to government budget processes andchanges to fiscal policy, as well as any resulting political turmoil.Our non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive regulation by governments,securities exchanges and regulators, central banks and other regulatory bodies. Inmany countries, the LRRs applicable to the financial services and securities industriesare less predictable, prone to change and uncertainty, regularly evolving and mayconflict with similar LRRs in the U.S. We spend significant resources onunderstanding and monitoring foreign LRRs, some with less predictable legal andregulatory frameworks, as well as managing our relationships with multiple regulatorsin various jurisdictions. Failure to comply with local laws and manage our relationshipswith regulators could result in increased expenses, changes to our organizationalstructure and adversely affect our businesses, reputation and results of operations inthat market.We are also subject to complex and extensive U.S. and non-U.S. LRRs, whichsubject us to costs and risks relating to bribery and corruption, know-your-customerrequirements, anti-money laundering, embargo programs and economic sanctions,which can vary or conflict across jurisdictions. These LRRs require implementation ofcomplex operational capabilities and compliance programs. Claims regarding non-compliance,
13 Bank of America
including improper implementation, and/or violations could result in increasingoperational and compliance costs, enforcement actions and civil and criminalpenalties against us and our employees, and result in operational restrictions andreputational harm. The increasing speed and novel ways in which funds circulatecould make it more challenging to track such movement and heighten financial crimesrisk. Compliance with evolving regulatory regimes and legal requirements depends onour ability to improve and/or evolve our processes, controls, surveillance, detection,reporting and analytics, and could be adversely impacted by operational failures.We are also subject to other geopolitical risks, including acts or threats ofinternational or domestic terrorism, including responses by the U.S. or othergovernments thereto, corporate espionage, civil unrest and/or military conflicts,including the escalation of tensions between China and Taiwan, which could adverselyaffect business, market trade and general economic conditions abroad and in the U.S.Adverse developments in or expansions of existing military conflicts (e.g.,Russia/Ukraine, Middle East) or new military conflicts could also negatively impactcommodity and other financial markets, as well as economic conditions. Wideningregional conflicts resulting in the involvement of neighboring countries and/or NorthAtlantic Treaty Organization member countries and/or military conflicts in other areasof the world could result in additional economic disruptions, financial market volatility,higher inflation and changes to asset valuations, which could disrupt our operationsand adversely affect our results of operations. Also, the use of cyberattacks orcampaigns, cyberespionage or other unauthorized access to networks and systemsby nation states or their proxies, including utilizing emerging technologies such as AI,has increased and threatens our and our third parties’ operations and informationsystems, and the financial systems and infrastructure upon which we rely.The uncertainty around the U.S. government’s debt levels and ceiling and agrowing federal budget deficit could lead to further credit rating downgrades and/ordefaults on its debt. The recurrence of a prolonged government shutdown couldweaken the U.S. dollar, cause market volatility, negatively impact the global economyand banking system and adversely affect our financial condition, including our liquidity.Also, changes in fiscal, monetary, regulatory, trade and/or foreign policy, employmentlevels, wage pressures, supply chain disruptions and higher inflation, could increaseour compliance costs and adversely affect our business operations, organizationalstructure and results of operations. Emerging market currency values and monetarypolicy settings are particularly sensitive to such changes in U.S. monetary policy. Also,fluctuations in U.S. interest rates and/or tariff rates, could result in additional currencyvolatility in a number of non-U.S. markets.
Business OperationsA failure in or breach of our operations or information systems, or those of thirdparties or the financial services industry, could cause disruptions, adverselyimpact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, and causelegal or reputational harm.Operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization, including risksarising from our operations and information systems, which comprise the hardware,software, infrastructure, backup systems and other technology that we own or use tocollect, process, maintain, use, share, transmit or dispose of information, includingpersonal and/or confidential employee, client and third-party information, which areintegral to the performance of our businesses. Our extensive interactions with,
and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry, including theprocessing and reporting of a large number of complex transactions at increasingspeeds in many currencies and jurisdictions, creates additional operational risk.Our operations and information systems and components thereof, and those of ourthird parties, have been, and in the future may be, ineffective or fail to operateproperly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, includingevents that may be wholly or partially beyond our or such third party’s control. Suchevents have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, physical siteaccess of our operations, the safeguarding of information and our ability to processtransactions, provide services to our clients and perform other operations, includingreporting and decision-making. Short-term or prolonged disruptions to our or our thirdparties’ critical business operations and client services are possible, such as due tocomputer, telecommunications, network, utility, electronic or physical infrastructureoutages, including from abuse or failure of our electronic trading and algorithmicplatforms, significant unplanned increases in client transactions, fraudulenttransactions, cyberattacks, extortion attempts, aging information systems, newlyintroduced or identified vulnerabilities or defects in hardware and software, failure of ordefects in infrastructure or manual processes, technology project implementationchallenges and deficiencies, including from the use of emerging technologies such asAI, and supply chain disruptions. Operational disruptions and prolonged operationaloutages could also result from events arising from natural disasters, includingearthquakes and acute and chronic weather events, such as wildfires, tornadoes,hurricanes and floods, some of which are happening with more frequency andseverity, as well as local or larger scale political or social matters, including civilunrest, terrorist acts and military conflict.We continue to have greater reliance on our and our third parties’ remote accesstools and technology, and employees’ personal systems and increased data utilizationand dependence upon our information systems to operate our businesses, includingfrom evolving client preferences, which has led to increased reliance on digitalbanking and other digital services provided by our businesses. Effective managementof our business continuity increasingly depends on the security, reliability andadequacy of such systems.We also rely on our employees, representatives and third parties in our day-to-dayoperations, who may, due to illness, unavailability, the emergence of widespreadhealth emergencies or pandemics, human error, social engineering, misconduct (e.g.,errors in judgment, malice, fraud or illegal activity), malfeasance or a failure, breach ormisuse of information systems, cause disruptions to our organization and expose usto operational losses, regulatory risk and reputational harm. Our and our third parties’inability to properly introduce, deploy and manage operational or technology changesand continuously alter, improve and automate processes and systems, includingrelated controls, such as regarding internal financial and governance processes,existing products and services, and new product innovations and technology, couldalso result in additional operational, information security, reputational and regulatoryrisk, including from the use of AI.Regardless of the measures we have taken to implement training, procedures,controls, backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations and bolsterour operational resilience, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affectedby significant failures or disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact andrely upon. This includes localized or systemic cyber events or other technology
Bank of America 14
incidents that result in outages or unavailability of information systems, part or all ofthe internet, cloud services and/or the financial services industry, networks, platforms,systems and infrastructure (e.g., funds transfers, electronic trading and algorithmicplatforms and critical banking activities), which could be exacerbated by theinterconnectivity and concentration of technology or service offerings in a smallnumber of providers or models, including AI and cloud services, and result in systemicoperational impact to us and across the financial services industry or beyond. Ourability to implement backup systems and other safeguards is more limited with respectto third-party systems and the financial services industry infrastructure. Weakness inand/or the inability to simplify and improve our and our third parties’ processes orcontrols could impact our ability to deliver products or services to our clients andexpose us to regulatory, reputational and operational risks.We use, and expect to increasingly use, emerging technologies, including AI,across our operations, including business processes, services and products, and weexpect greater AI adoption by our third parties, clients, counterparties, clearinghousesand financial intermediaries. Expanded use of AI, including emerging third ‑ party AIservices and autonomous AI agents, may result in increased data risk, unpredictablesystem interactions, inadequate controls or safeguards, AI failure, or produceunintended operations or consequences. AI services used by our clients or thirdparties may interact with our systems or communicate directly with our employees,and may act without authorization, make execution errors, behave unpredictably or bemisaligned with intended outcomes, which could result in additional operational, legaland regulatory risk, and reputational harm.There can be no assurance that our resiliency, business continuity, technologychange and information security response plans will effectively mitigate ouroperational risks. Any backup systems or manual processes may not process dataaccurately and/or as quickly or effectively as our primary systems, and some datamight not be available or backed up. Also, the speed at which we are able toremediate any failure or disruption of our operations and/or information systems mayvary across jurisdictions. We regularly update the operational processes andinformation systems we rely on to support our operations and growth, including as partof our efforts to comply with all applicable LRRs globally. This updating entailssignificant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new or modifiedoperational processes and information systems and integrating them with existinginformation systems, including business interruptions, failures or ineffectiveness.Increasing reliance on our information systems and frequency of weather eventsand other natural disasters heighten our risk of operational loss. Any failure ordisruption of our or our third parties’ operations or information systems resulting indisruption to our critical business operations and client services, a failure to identify oreffectively respond to operational risks timely and/or a failure to continue to deliver ourservices through an operational failure or disruption could impact the confidentiality,integrity or availability of data and information, and expose us to various risks,including market abuse, fraud, financial losses and other costs, misappropriation andcorruption, loss of trust or confidence in us and/or the financial services industry, clientattrition, regulatory (e.g., LRR compliance), market, privacy and liquidity risk,adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition and cause legal,regulatory or reputational harm.The Corporation and third parties with whom we interact and/or on whom werely, are subject to cybersecurity incidents,
information and security breaches, and technology failures that have and in thefuture could adversely affect our ability to conduct our businesses, result in thealteration, unavailability, misuse, destruction or disclosure of information,damage our reputation, increase our regulatory and legal risks, result inadditional costs or financial losses and/or otherwise adversely impact ourbusinesses and results of operations.Our business is highly dependent on the security, controls and efficacy of ourinformation systems, and the information systems of our clients and third parties (e.g.,providers of products and services, law firms, other financial institutions, financialcounterparties, financial data aggregators, the financial services industry, financialintermediaries (e.g., such as clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses), U.S.and non-U.S. federal and state governments and regulators, providers of outsourcedsoftware, services and infrastructure (e.g., internet access, cloud service providersand electrical power) and retailers for whom we process transactions) with whom weinteract, on whom we rely or who have access to our clients’ information and othersensitive data. We rely on effective access management and the secure collection,processing, maintenance, use, transmission, storage, dissemination and disposition ofinformation in our and our third parties’ information systems. Our cybersecurity riskand exposure remains heightened, including because of our prominent size and scale,high-profile brand, global presence and role in the financial services industry and thebroader economy.We and our employees, regulators, clients and third parties are ongoing targets ofan increasing number of cybersecurity threats and cyberattacks. The tactics,techniques and procedures used in cyberattacks are pervasive, sophisticated, rapidlyevolving and designed to evade security measures. Cybersecurity threats, includingcomputer viruses, malicious or destructive code (such as ransomware), socialengineering, real and virtual impersonation, denial of service or information attacksand other security breach tactics targeting us or third parties have and in the futureare likely to result in disruptions to our businesses and operations, loss of funds,including from attempts to defraud us and/or our clients, and impacts to theconfidentiality, integrity or availability of our systems and information (e.g., intellectualproperty and the personal and/or confidential information of our employees, clientsand third parties). Cyberattacks are carried out globally by a growing number ofactors, including organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostileforeign governments and their proxies, state-sponsored actors, activists, disgruntledemployees and other persons or entities.Our risk from cybersecurity threats and incidents, information and securitybreaches and technology failures continues to increase due to the acceptance anduse of digital banking and other digital products and services, including mobilebanking products, and reliance on remote access tools and other technology, whichhave resulted in increased reliance on virtual or digital interactions, a growing numberof access points to our information systems and greater amounts of information beingavailable for access. Greater demand on our information systems and security toolsand processes are expected.Emerging technologies, such as AI and quantum computing, are expected toincrease these risks. For example, AI lowers the entry barriers to plan and executecyberattacks, enables more personalized and harder to detect social engineering, andimproves vulnerability discovery, which may result in the increased likelihood ofexploitation and the speed, scope, scale, and sophistication of cyberattacks.Advances in quantum computing may introduce cryptography risks that threaten the
15 Bank of America
security of our information and systems and strengthen threat actor capabilities inways that are difficult to anticipate. These technologies, alone or in combination withothers, may amplify the risks they pose.We also face significant third-party technology, cybersecurity and operational risksrelating to the large number of clients and third parties on whom we rely to operate ourbusiness. Third-party information systems extend beyond our security and controlsystems, and such third parties have varying levels of security and cybersecurityresources, expertise, safeguards, controls and capabilities and in some cases may bemore vulnerable to cyberattacks. Threat actors may actively seek to exploit third-partysecurity and cybersecurity weaknesses. The relationships of our third parties with usmay increase the risk that they are targeted by the same threats we face, and suchthird parties may be less prepared for such threats. Also, we are at risk from criticalthird-party information security and open-source or proprietary software defects andvulnerabilities. We must rely on our third parties to detect and promptly reportcybersecurity incidents, vulnerabilities and technology failures. Their failure couldimpair our ability to report or respond to such incidents, vulnerabilities and failureseffectively or timely.Due to increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financialentities and technology and information systems, a cybersecurity threat or incident,information or security breach or technology failure that significantly exposes,degrades, destroys, renders unavailable or compromises the information systems orinformation of one or more financial entities or other third parties, including cloudservice providers, could adversely impact us and increase the risk of operationalfailure and loss, as disparate information systems need to be integrated, often on anaccelerated basis. Also, any similar events affecting our information systems orinformation could adversely impact third parties and the critical infrastructure of thefinancial services industry, creating additional risk to us.Cybersecurity incidents or information or security breaches could persist for anextended period of time prior to detection, and it often takes additional time todetermine the scope, extent, amount and type of impact, including the informationaltered, destroyed, accessed or otherwise compromised, following which themeasures to recover and restore to a business-as-usual state may be difficult toassess and require notification to our clients, government officials and regulators. Wehave spent and expect to continue to spend significant resources to modify andenhance our protective measures and our capabilities to respond and recover,investigate and remediate software and network defects and vulnerabilities, anddefend against, detect and respond to cybersecurity threats and incidents, whether tous, third parties, the industry or businesses generally. Regardless of the efforts wetake to protect the integrity and resilience of our information systems and implementcontrols, processes, policies, employee training and other protective measures, wecannot anticipate and detect all cybersecurity threats and incidents and/or develop orimplement effective preventive or defensive measures designed to prevent, respondto or mitigate all cybersecurity threats and incidents. Internal access management orother technology failures could impact the confidentiality, integrity or availability of dataand information. Our vulnerability increases if employees fail to exercise soundjudgment and vigilance when targeted with social engineering or other cyberattacks.While we and our third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents,information and security breaches and technology failures, as well as adverse impactsfrom such events, including as described in this risk factor, we have not
experienced material losses or other material consequences relating to cybersecurityincidents, information or security breaches or technology failures, whether directed atus or our third parties. However, we expect to continue to experience such events andimpacts ourself and at our third parties with increased frequency and severity due tothe evolving threat environment. There can be no assurance that future cybersecurityincidents, information and security breaches and technology failures, including thoseexperienced by our third parties, will not have a material adverse impact on us,including our businesses, results of operations and financial condition.Future cybersecurity incidents, information or security breaches or technologyfailures suffered by us or our third parties could result in disruption to our day-to-daybusiness activities and an inability to effect transactions, execute trades, service ourclients, safeguard information, manage our exposure to risk, expand our businesses,detect and prevent fraudulent or unauthorized transactions, and maintain informationsystems and telecommunication access, business operations, and client services, inthe U.S. and/or globally. Also, we could experience the loss of clients and businessopportunities, the withdrawal of client deposits, the misappropriation, alteration ordestruction of our or our third parties’ intellectual property or confidential information,the unauthorized access to or temporary or permanent destruction, loss or theft ofinformation (e.g., of our employees and clients), significant lost revenue, increasedrisk of fraudulent transactions, misappropriation of funds, losses and claims broughtby third parties, violations of applicable privacy, cybersecurity and other LRRs,litigation exposure, economic sanctions, enforcement actions, government fines,penalties or intervention and other negative consequences. Although we maintaincyber insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur willbe covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. Inthe case of any cybersecurity incident, information or security breach or technologyfailure arising from third-party systems impacting us, any third-party indemnificationmay not be applicable or sufficient to address the impact of such cybersecurityincidents, information or security breaches or technology failures, including monetarylosses. Any actual or perceived occurrence of the events described above couldadversely impact our businesses, results of operations, liquidity and financialcondition, and cause reputational harm.Failure to satisfy our obligations as servicer for residential mortgagesecuritizations, loans owned by other entities and other related losses couldadversely impact our reputation, servicing costs or results of operations.We service mortgage loans on behalf of third-party securitization vehicles andother investors. If a material breach of our obligations as servicer or master servicer iscommitted, we may be subject to termination if the breach is not cured timely followingnotice, which could cause us to lose servicing income. We may also have liability forany failure by us or a third party, as a servicer or master servicer to adhere to orperform the required servicing obligation in accordance with the terms of the servicingagreements that result in impairment or loss to the loans’ owner. If any such breachwas found to have occurred, it may harm our reputation, increase our servicing costsor losses due to potential indemnification obligations, result in litigation or regulatoryaction or adversely impact our results of operations. Also, foreclosures may result incosts, litigation or losses due to irregularities in the underlying documentation, or if thevalidity of a foreclosure action is challenged by a borrower or overturned by a courtbecause of errors or deficiencies in the foreclosure process. We may also incur costsor losses relating to delays or
Bank of America 16
alleged deficiencies in processing documents necessary to comply with state lawgoverning foreclosure.Changes in the structure of and relationship among the GSEs could adverselyimpact our business.We rely on the GSEs to guarantee or purchase certain mortgage loans that meettheir conforming loan requirements. During 2025, we sold approximately $2.3 billion ofloans to GSEs, primarily Freddie Mac (FHLMC). FHLMC and Fannie Mae arecurrently in conservatorship, with the Federal Housing Finance Agency acting asconservator. While there have been periodic proposals to remove or exit the GSEsfrom conservatorship and eliminate the perceived “implicit guarantee” associated withthe GSEs, none have yet to be executed successfully. We cannot predict the futureprospects of the GSEs, including the timing of any recapitalization or release fromconservatorship, or any legislative or rulemaking proposals regarding the GSEs’status in the housing market. If the GSEs take a reduced role in the marketplace,including by limiting the mortgage products they offer, we could be required to seekalternative funding sources, retain additional loans on our balance sheet, securefunding through the Federal Home Loan Bank system, or securitize the loans throughPrivate Label Securitization, which could increase our cost of funds related to theorigination of new mortgage loans, increase credit risk and/or impact our capacity tooriginate new mortgage loans. These developments could adversely affect oursecurities portfolios, capital levels, liquidity and results of operations.Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risk andreducing the potential for losses.Our risk management framework is designed to minimize our risk and loss. Weseek to effectively and consistently identify, measure, monitor, report and control therisk types to which we are subject, including the seven key risk types we face. Risksalso may span across multiple key risk types, including cybersecurity risk, legal risk,financial risk associated with concentration and climate risk. While we employ a broadand diversified set of controls and risk mitigation techniques, including modeling andforecasting, hedging strategies and techniques seeking to balance our ability to profitfrom trading positions with our exposure to potential losses, we are inherently limitedby our ability to identify and measure all risks, including emerging and unknown risks,anticipate the timing and impact of risks, apply effective hedging strategies, makecorrect assumptions, manage and aggregate data correctly and efficiently, identifychanges in markets or client behaviors not historically reflected and develop riskmanagement models and forecasts to assess and control risk.Our risk management depends on our ability to consistently execute all elementsof our risk management program, develop and maintain a culture of managing riskwell throughout the Corporation and manage third-party risks, including providers ofproducts and services, to allow for effective risk management and help confirm thatrisks are appropriately considered, evaluated and responded to timely. Uncertaineconomic and geopolitical conditions, widespread health emergencies andpandemics, heightened legislative and regulatory scrutiny of and change within thefinancial services industry, the pace of technological changes, including AI andquantum computing, accounting, tax and market developments, the failure ofemployees, representatives and third parties to comply with our policies and RiskFramework and the overall complexity of our operations, among other developments,have in the past and may in the future, result in a heightened level of risk, includingoperational, reputational and compliance risk. Failure to manage evolving risks orproperly anticipate, escalate, control or mitigate
risks could result in further legal and regulatory risk and losses and adversely affectour reputation and results of operations.
Regulatory, Compliance and LegalWe are highly regulated and subject to evolving government legislation andregulations and certain settlements, orders and agreements with governmentauthorities from time to time.We operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to evolving andcomprehensive federal, state and foreign LRRs and Executive Branch Actions. Thissignificantly affects and has the potential to increase our compliance and operationalcosts, restrict the scope of our existing businesses, impact potential relationships withour clients, require changes to our employment practices, business strategies, riskmanagement, governance processes and controls and procedures, require us to holdmore capital, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, including theproducts and services we offer, reduce certain fees and rates and/or make ourproducts and services more expensive for our clients. We are also required to filevarious financial and nonfinancial regulatory reports to comply with LRRs in thejurisdictions in which we operate, which results in additional compliance andoperational risk.We continue to adjust our business and operations, legal entity structure, systems,disclosure, policies, procedures, processes, controls and governance, including withregard to capital and liquidity management, risk management and data management,in an effort to comply with LRRs, and evolving expectations, guidance andinterpretation by regulatory authorities, including the Department of Treasury (e.g., theInternal Revenue Service (IRS) and OFAC), Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,Federal Reserve, OCC, CFPB, Financial Stability Oversight Council, FDIC,Department of Labor, SEC and CFTC in the U.S., foreign regulators, othergovernment authorities and self-regulatory organizations. We expect to becomesubject to future LRRs, including beyond those currently proposed, adopted orcontemplated in the U.S. or abroad, and evolving interpretations of existing and futureLRRs, and may be subject to Executive Branch Actions, which may include FDICassessments, loss allocations between financial institutions and clients regarding theuse of our products and services, including electronic payments, employmentpractices, fair access to banking products and services, the terms of our products andservices and climate and environmental risk management and sustainability reportingand disclosure. LRRs related to emerging technologies, such as AI, cybersecurity anddata management, are also rapidly evolving across jurisdictions and could requirechanges related to deployments and operational processes and increase compliancecosts and regulatory, compliance and legal risks.The cumulative effect of all of the current and possible future legislation andregulations, as well as related interpretations, on our litigation and regulatoryexposure, businesses, operations, including our ability to compete, and profitabilityremains uncertain and necessitates that we make certain assumptions with respect tothe scope and requirements of existing, prospective and proposed LRRs in ourbusiness planning and strategies. If these assumptions prove incorrect, we could besubject to increased regulatory, legal and compliance risks and costs, and potentialreputational harm. Also, regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and abroad may overlap, andnon-U.S. regulations and initiatives may be inconsistent or conflict with current orproposed U.S. regulations or with each other, which could lead to compliance risksand higher costs.Our regulators’ prudential and supervisory authority gives them broad power anddiscretion to direct our actions, and they
17 Bank of America
have an active oversight, inspection and investigatory role across the financialservices industry. Regulatory focus is not limited to LRRs applicable to the financialservices industry, but includes other significant LRRs that apply across industries andjurisdictions, including those related to anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption know-your-customer requirements, embargoes and economic sanctions.We are also subject to existing and potential LRRs in the U.S. and abroad,including the CCPA and GDPR, regarding privacy and the disclosure, collection, use,sharing and safeguarding of personally identifiable information, including ouremployees, clients, suppliers, counterparties and other third parties. Violations couldresult in litigation, regulatory fines, enforcement actions and operational loss.Expected new and evolving data privacy laws globally may increase compliancecosts, litigation, regulatory fines and enforcement actions. There remains complexityand uncertainty, including potential suspension or prohibition, regarding data transferbecause of concerns over compliance with LRRs for cross-border flows and transfersof personal data globally, and resulting from judicial and regulatory guidance. Otherjurisdictions have commenced or may commence consultation efforts or enacted newlegislation or regulations to establish standards for personal data transfers. If cross-border personal data transfers are suspended or restricted or we are required toimplement distinct processes for each jurisdiction’s standards, this could result inoperational disruptions to our businesses, additional costs, increased enforcementactivity, new contract negotiations with third parties, and/or modification of such datamanagement.As part of their enforcement authority, our regulators and other governmentauthorities have the authority to, among other things, conduct a wide range ofinvestigations and legal and regulatory proceedings, pursue enforcement actions,assess civil or criminal monetary fines, penalties or restitution, require remediation,issue cease and desist orders, limit business activities and restrict operations,suspend or withdraw licenses and authorizations, initiate injunctive action, applyregulatory sanctions or cause us to enter into consent orders. Costs to settle,remediate or comply with enforcement actions have been substantial and mayincrease. In some cases, governmental authorities have required criminal pleas orother extraordinary terms as part of such resolutions, which could have significantconsequences, including reputational harm, loss of clients, restrictions on accessingcapital markets, and the inability to operate businesses or offer products. Responsesto regulators and other government authorities often are time-consuming, expensiveand divert management attention. Any matter may take years to resolve and bedifficult to predict or estimate.The terms of settlements, orders and agreements that we have entered into withgovernment entities and regulatory authorities have also imposed, or could impose,significant operational and compliance costs, including enhancements to ourprocedures and controls, losses with respect to fraudulent transactions perpetratedagainst our clients, expansion of our risk and control functions within our lines ofbusiness, investment in technology and the hiring of significant numbers of additionalrisk, control and compliance personnel. For example, in December 2024, the OCCissued a Consent Order against BANA relating to certain aspects of its BSA, anti-money laundering and economic sanctions compliance programs, and we continue torespond to requests for information about similar aspects of such programs from otherregulators. Failure to meet the requirements of such settlements, orders oragreements, or, more generally, the failure to maintain risk and control procedures andprocesses that meet the heightened standards
established by our regulators and other government authorities, could result in furthersettlements, orders or agreements and additional fines, penalties or judgments, ormaterial regulatory restrictions on our businesses.Actual or perceived misconduct by us, our employees or representatives that areillegal, unethical or contrary to our core values, including the handling of fiduciaryobligations, conflicts of interest and the misuse of confidential information, could harmus, our shareholders or clients or damage the integrity of the financial markets, andare subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny across jurisdictions. Given the complexityof the regulatory and enforcement regimes across jurisdictions and coupled with theglobal scope of our operations, a single event or practice or a series of related eventsor practices may give rise to a significant number of overlapping investigations andregulatory proceedings by multiple federal, state and foreign regulators andgovernment authorities. Actions by other financial institutions in businesses in whichwe operate may result in regulatory investigations adversely affecting us.While we believe that we have an appropriate approach to developing andimplementing risk management and compliance programs, compliance risks willcontinue to exist, particularly as we anticipate and adapt to new and evolving LRRs,shifting priorities of our U.S. and non-U.S. regulators and government authorities andevolving interpretations, and potential misconduct by bad actors globally. We also relyupon third parties who may expose us to compliance and legal risk, including fromtheir failure to timely address regulatory changes. Future executive, legislative orregulatory actions, and any required changes to our business or operations orstrategy, or those of third parties upon whom we rely, resulting from suchdevelopments and actions could result in a significant loss of revenue, imposeadditional compliance and other costs or otherwise reduce our profitability, limit theproducts and services that we offer or our ability to pursue certain businesses andbusiness opportunities, require us to dispose of certain businesses or assets, affectthe value of assets held, require changes in training, testing, governance, controls andprocedures and compensation practices, require us to increase prices and thereforereduce demand for our products, reduce fees or otherwise adversely affect ourbusinesses.We are subject to significant financial and reputational harm from potentialliability arising from lawsuits and regulatory and government action.We face significant legal risks in our business, with a high volume of claims againstus, including related to various products, services and markets. The amount ofdamages, penalties and fines that private litigants, including clients and othercounterparties, and regulators seek from us and other financial institutions continuesto be significant and unpredictable.U.S. federal and state regulators and government agencies, state attorneysgeneral and regulators in foreign jurisdictions regularly pursue enforcement claimsand litigation against financial institutions, including us, for alleged violations of lawand client harm, including under the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, andEnforcement Act, the federal securities laws, the False Claims Act, fair lending lawsand regulations (e.g., the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act), theFCPA, the BSA, regulations issued by OFAC, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act,antitrust laws, and consumer protection laws and regulations related to products andservices such as overdraft and sales practices, including prohibitions on unfair,deceptive, and/or abusive acts and practices (UDAAP) under the Consumer FinancialProtection Act and the Federal Trade
Bank of America 18
Commission Act, and EFTA, as well as other enforcement action taken by prudentialregulators with respect to safety, soundness and appropriateness of our businesspractices. Such claims may require substantial remediation and carry significantpenalties, restitution and, in certain cases, treble damages. The ultimate resolution ofregulatory inquiries, investigations and other proceedings which we are subject to isdifficult to predict.We and our regulators have an increased focus on privacy, information securityand emerging technologies, such as AI. This includes cybersecurity incidentsperpetrated against us, our clients, providers of products and services, counterpartiesand other third parties, the collection, use and sharing of data, and safeguarding ofpersonally identifiable information and corporate data, as well as the development,implementation, use and management of emerging technologies, which have resultedin, and will likely continue to result in, related litigation (including class actions) orgovernment enforcement, including with regard to compliance with U.S. and globalLRRs, and could subject us to fines, judgments and/or settlements and involvereputational losses. The interconnectedness and complexity of AI models maycomplicate oversight and compliance, and reliance on third ‑ party AI models furtherincreases our risks due to limited visibility into their training data, methodologies andsafeguards. Inaccurate AI outputs, unintended or unauthorized exposure ofconfidential information, biases and possible infringement of intellectual property rightsthrough the use of AI increase this risk. Also, increasing scrutiny regardingsustainability-related policies, goals, targets and disclosure could result in litigation,regulatory investigations and actions.In addition to the consent order regarding BSA/anti-money laundering andeconomic sanctions compliance programs, in recent years we have entered intoorders or settlements with certain government agencies regarding the rates paid onuninvested cash in brokerage and investment advisory accounts that is swept intointerest-paying bank deposits, credit card sales and marketing practices andrepresentment fee practices and our participation in implementing COVID-19-relatedgovernment relief measures and other federal and state government assistanceprograms, including unemployment benefit processing for California and certain otherstates. We are, or may become subject to related litigation or investigations by otherregulators related to the conduct that resulted in these orders, or orders orinvestigations we become subject to in the future, which may result in judgmentsand/or settlements. Also, we may be adversely impacted by matters related to fraudperpetrated against our clients in connection with their use of electronic payments(including Zelle) and other similar products and services, which could result injudgments or settlements, and adversely affect our businesses and strategies.Misconduct, or perceived misconduct, by our employees, third parties and otherrepresentatives, including conflicts of interest, unethical, fraudulent, improper or illegalconduct, the failure to fulfill fiduciary obligations, unfair, deceptive, abusive ordiscriminatory business practices, or violations of policies, procedures or LRRs,including conduct that affects compliance with books and records requirements, haveresulted and could result in further litigation and/or government investigations andenforcement actions, and cause significant reputational harm. For example, we areresponding to demands and requests relating to our past or current policies andpractices for providing, maintaining or discontinuing financial products or services tocertain clients or potential clients, including account opening, underwriting, credit,transaction monitoring or account closure, which could result in litigation or regulatoryaction.
Investigations, regulation, regulatory compliance activities, litigation and regulatoryenforcement, have affected and are likely to continue to affect operational andcompliance costs and risks, including the adaptation of business strategies, thelimitation or cessation of our ability or feasibility to continue providing certain productsand services and our employment practices. Lawsuits and regulatory actions are oftencomplex and unpredictable, develop over a long period of time and have resulted inand will likely continue to result in injunctive relief and judgments, orders, settlements,penalties and fines adverse to us, in amounts that may be significant or unpredictable,and in some cases, exceed the amount of our reserves established. Litigation andinvestigation costs, substantial legal liability or significant regulatory or governmentaction against us could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, includingliquidity, and results of operations, and/or cause significant reputational harm.U.S. federal banking agencies may require increased capital and liquidity levels,which could adversely impact the Corporation.We are subject to U.S. capital and liquidity regulations. These rules, among otherthings, establish minimum ratios relating to capital for different categories of assetsand exposures to qualify as a well-capitalized institution. As a G-SIB, we are alsorequired to hold additional capital buffers, including a G-SIB surcharge, an SCB and acountercyclical buffer, which are reassessed at least annually. Also, we are subject toregulatory liquidity requirements, including the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and the NetStable Funding Ratio. If any of our subsidiary insured depository institutions fail tomaintain “well capitalized” status under the applicable regulatory capital rules, theFederal Reserve will require us to agree to bring the insured depository institutionback to well-capitalized status, which may include restrictions on our activities (e.g.,payment of dividends and/or repurchase of common stock). If we were to fail to enterinto or comply with such an agreement, the Federal Reserve may impose moresevere restrictions on our activities, including requiring us to cease and desistactivities otherwise permitted.Also, our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase our common stock depends, inpart, on our ability to maintain regulatory capital levels above minimum requirementsplus buffers. If our SCB, G-SIB surcharge or countercyclical capital bufferrequirements increase, our dividends and common stock repurchases could decrease.For example, our G-SIB surcharge is expected to increase to 3.5 percent from 3.0percent in 2027, and could increase further in the future. The Federal Reserve couldalso limit or prohibit capital actions (e.g., impacts to dividends and common stockrepurchases) as a result of economic disruptions or events.Regulators may change regulatory capital requirements, including total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) and long-term debt requirements, change how regulatorycapital, RWA or leverage exposure is calculated, and/or increase liquidityrequirements. These components of our capital and liquidity ratios could also beimpacted by economic disruptions or other events that may increase our balancesheet, RWA or leverage exposures, which could increase the amounts of regulatorycapital or liquidity we are required to hold. Changes to and compliance with regulatorycapital and liquidity requirements may impact our operations by requiring theliquidation of assets, increased borrowings, issuance of additional securities, reducedcommon stock repurchases or dividends, limits to compensation practices, ceased oraltered operations, modification of pricing strategies and business activities, and/orholding of highly liquid assets.Extensive regulatory evaluation of our capital planning practices by the FederalReserve includes stress testing certain
19 Bank of America
parts of our business using hypothetical economic scenarios prepared by the FederalReserve. Those scenarios may affect our CCAR stress test results, which couldimpact our SCB and require us to hold additional capital. Proposed or future FederalReserve rulemaking, including to the SCB calculation, CCAR stress tests orotherwise, may impact our SCB requirement.Also, U.S. banking regulators are expected to release proposals in 2026 to revisemethodologies for measuring and reporting risk-based capital adequacy, including thecalculation of RWA and G-SIB surcharge. The timing and composition of suchproposals are uncertain. Final rules issued following those proposals could adverselyimpact our capital requirements.Changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying accountingpolicies could adversely affect us.Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report ourfinancial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use ofestimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets orliabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require managementto make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherentlyuncertain. If assumptions, estimates or judgments are erroneously applied, we couldbe required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. Accountingstandard-setters and those who interpret the accounting standards, including the SEC,banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm may alsoamend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how variousstandards should be applied. These changes may be difficult to predict and couldimpact the preparation and reporting of our financial statements, including theapplication of new or revised standards retrospectively, resulting in unexpectedlosses, revisions to prior-period financial statements and other adverse impacts to us,including legal and regulatory risk.We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and non-U.S. tax laws andregulations.We could be adversely affected if U.S. and foreign governmental authorities furtherchange tax laws, including changes to the 2025 Budget Reconciliation Act. Also, newguidelines issued by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD), which are currently enacted or being enacted into law in some OECDcountries in which we operate, will impose a 15 percent global minimum tax on certaintaxpayers on a country-by-country basis. Any implementation of and/or change in U.S.and foreign tax laws and regulations or interpretations of current or future tax laws andregulations could materially adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax liabilities andresults of operations. U.S. and foreign tax laws are complex and our judgments,interpretations or applications of such tax laws could differ from that of the relevantgovernmental authority. This could result in additional tax liabilities and interest,penalties, the reduction of certain tax benefits and/or the requirement to makeadjustments to amounts recorded, which could be material.Also, we have U.K. net deferred tax assets (DTA) which consist primarily of netoperating losses that are expected to be realized in a U.K. subsidiary over anextended number of years. Business model changes impacting profitability and/oradverse developments with respect to tax laws or to other material factors, such asprolonged worsening of international capital markets or changes in the ability of ourU.K. subsidiary to conduct business in the markets outside the U.K., could leadmanagement to reassess and/or change its current conclusion that no valuationallowance is necessary for our U.K. net DTA.
ReputationDamage to our reputation could harm our businesses, including our competitiveposition and business prospects.Our ability to attract and retain clients, investors and employees is impacted by ourreputation. Reputational harm can arise from various sources that affect public trust,including actual or perceived business activities and activities of our officers, directors,employees, other representatives, clients and third parties, including counterparties,such as fraud, misconduct and unethical behavior, our ability to detect, prevent and/orrespond to fraud perpetrated against our clients, and the handling of related disputesregarding the use of our products and services, including electronic payments,effectiveness of our internal controls, the fees charged to our clients, includingoverdraft and non-sufficient funds fees, compensation practices, lending practices,suitability or reasonableness of particular trading or investment strategies, theservices offered to our clients, the reliability of our research and models andprohibiting clients from engaging in certain transactions.Our reputation and business prospects may also be harmed by actual or perceivedfailure to deliver the products, service standards and quality expected, protect ourclients and/or recognize and address client complaints, maintain effective compliance,properly implement technology changes and manage and use of emergingtechnologies, including AI, maintain effective data management, as well ascybersecurity incidents and information and security breaches affecting us and ouremployees, clients and third parties, which have occurred and are expected tocontinue with increasing frequency and severity, prolonged or repeated systemoutages, our privacy policies, the improper or unintended disclosure of or failure tosafeguard personal, proprietary or confidential information, the breach of our fiduciaryobligations, employment practices and the handling of widespread healthemergencies or pandemics. Our reputation may also be harmed by litigation and/orregulatory matters and their outcomes, and/or criticism or challenges by third parties,relating to the topics discussed above or otherwise. Challenges and/or criticisms toour environmental and social practices, disclosures and benefits of our products,services or transactions, and those of our clients and third parties, including from thirdparties, who may have diverging views on those practices and disclosures, may alsoharm our reputation.Perceptions of our liquidity and financial condition, actions by the financial servicesindustry generally, or by certain members or individuals in the industry may harm ourreputation. Adverse publicity or negative information, including social media posts byemployees, the media or otherwise, whether or not accurate, may trigger a loss oftrust or confidence on the part of clients, counterparties, shareholders, investors, debtholders, market analysts, other relevant parties or regulators, adversely impacting ourbusiness prospects and results of operations.We are subject to complex and evolving LRRs and interpretations, includingregarding fair lending activity, UDAAP, electronic funds transfers, know-your-customerrequirements, data protection and privacy (e.g., the GDPR and the CCPA), cross-border data movement and data localization, cybersecurity, the use and developmentof AI, data and technology and other matters, as well as evolving and expansiveinterpretations of these LRRs. Principles concerning the appropriate scope ofconsumer and commercial privacy vary considerably across jurisdictions, andregulatory and public expectations regarding the definition and scope of consumerand commercial privacy and data protection remains fluid.
Bank of America 20
These laws may be interpreted and applied by various jurisdictions inconsistent withour current or future practices, or with one another. If personal, confidential orproprietary information of clients, employees or third parties is mishandled, misused ormismanaged by us, our third parties or financial data aggregators, or if we do nottimely or adequately address such information, we may face regulatory, legal andoperational risks, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition andresults of operations.We could suffer reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and managepotential conflicts of interest, the management of which has become increasinglycomplex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions,obligations and interests with and among our clients. The actual or perceived failure toadequately address conflicts of interest could also affect willingness of clients to useour products and services, or result in litigation or enforcement actions, which couldadversely affect our business.Our actual or perceived failure to address these and other issues, such asoperational risks, could give rise to reputational harm and our business prospects,including the attraction and retention of clients and employees, and give rise toadditional regulatory restrictions and legal risks which could, among otherconsequences, increase the size and number of litigation claims and damagesasserted or subject us to enforcement actions, fines and penalties, and result inrelated costs and expenses.
OtherWe face significant and increasing competition in the financial servicesindustry.We operate in a highly competitive environment and experience intensecompetition from local and global bank and nonbank financial institutions and newmarket entrants. Increasing pressure to provide products and services on moreattractive terms, including lower fees, lower cost investment strategies and higherinterest rates on deposits, may impact our ability to effectively compete. Also, we maybe disadvantaged by our size, the jurisdictions in which we are organized or operateor from more stringent regulatory requirements applicable to us than to nonbankfinancial institutions, those obtaining limited bank charters or other actual or perceivedcompetitors.The growth of and mergers among traditional financial services companies haveincreased competition. Emerging technologies and the growth of e-commerce havelowered geographic and monetary barriers, made it easier for non-depositoryinstitutions to offer traditional banking products and services and allowed non-traditional financial service providers and technology companies to compete withtraditional financial service companies in providing electronic and internet-basedfinancial solutions and services, including electronic securities trading with low or nofees and commissions, marketplace lending, financial data aggregation and paymentprocessing services, including real-time payment platforms. Further, clients maychoose other market participants who engage in business or offer products in areaswe deem speculative or risky rather than traditional products. Increased competitionmay reduce our market share, net interest margin and fee-based revenue andnegatively affect our results of operations, including through pricing pressure,increased investment to improve the quality and delivery of our technology and/oraffecting our clients’ willingness to do business with us.Our inability to adapt our business strategies, products and services couldharm our business.We rely on a diversified mix of businesses that deliver a broad range of financialproducts and services through multiple
distribution channels. Our success depends on our and our third-party providers’ability to timely change or adapt our business strategies, products and services andtheir respective features, including available payment processing services andtechnology, including AI, to rapidly evolving industry standards and consumerpreferences. Our strategies could be further impacted by macroeconomic stress,widespread health emergencies or pandemics, cyberattacks, and military conflicts orother significant geopolitical events.Widespread adoption and rapid evolution of, as well as developments in theregulatory landscape relating to emerging technologies, including analytic capabilities,AI, automated decision-making, self-service digital trading platforms and automatedtrading markets, internet services, and digital assets (e.g., cryptocurrencies,stablecoins, tokens and other crypto assets) as well as payment, clearing andsettlement processes that use distributed ledger technology, create additionalstrategic risks, could negatively impact our ability to compete and require substantialexpenditures to the extent we were to modify or adapt our existing products andservices. Also, our ability to offer certain products and services may be impacted bylegal or regulatory considerations. As new technologies evolve and mature, includingthe further development of the nonbank digital asset ecosystem (e.g., related tononbank stablecoins or digital asset trading), and new competitors to the paymentsand trading ecosystems emerge and current competitors adapt, our businesses andresults of operations could be adversely impacted, and we could experience increasedvolatility in deposits and/or significant long-term reduction in deposits (i.e., financialdisintermediation).Also, we may not be timely or successful in assessing competition, developing,introducing or integrating new products and services, responding, managing oradapting to changes in consumer behavior, preferences, spending, investing or savinghabits, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, reducing costs ofour products and services in response to pricing pressures or developing andmaintaining clients. Our businesses may be negatively impacted if we, or our third-party providers, do not timely develop and apply emerging technologies, such as AIand quantum computing, or if our initiatives in these areas are deficient or fail, or donot achieve the financial benefits anticipated. Our third-party providers’ inability orresistance to timely innovate or adapt operations, products and services to evolvingregulatory and market environments, industry standards and consumer preferencescould result in service disruptions, harm our business and adversely affect our resultsof operations and reputation.We could suffer operational, reputational and financial harm if our models fail toproperly anticipate and manage risk.We use models enterprise-wide, including to forecast losses, project revenue andexpenses, assess and control our operations and financial condition, assist in capitalplanning, manage liquidity and measure, forecast and assess capital and liquidityrequirements for credit, market, operational and strategic risks. Under our EnterpriseModel Risk Policy, Model Risk Management is required to perform end-to-end modeloversight, including independent validation before initial use, implementationmonitoring, ongoing monitoring reviews through outcomes analysis andbenchmarking, and periodic revalidation. However, models are inherently limited bysimplifying assumptions, uncertainty in economic and financial outcomes, andemerging risks, including from applications that rely on AI.Our models may not be sufficiently predictive of future results, including fromlimited historical patterns, extreme or unanticipated market movements or clients’behavior and
21 Bank of America
liquidity, especially during severe market downturns or stress events (e.g., geopoliticalor pandemic events), which could limit their effectiveness and require timelyrecalibration. The models that we use to assess and control our market risk exposuresalso reflect assumptions about the degree of correlation among prices of various assetclasses or other market indicators, which may not be representative of futuredownturns and would magnify the limitations inherent in using historical data tomanage risk. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedenteddislocations and highlight the inherent limitations in using historical data to managerisk. Our models may also be adversely impacted by human error and may beineffective if we fail to properly oversee, regularly review and detect their flaws duringour review and monitoring processes, they contain erroneous data, assumptions,valuations, formulas or algorithms, our applications running the models do not performas expected or AI applications are not developed and trained properly or containbiases (due to model design or input data). Regardless of steps we take to designeffective controls, governance, monitoring and testing, and implement new technologyand automated processes, failure of our models to properly anticipate and managerisks could result in operational, reputational and financial harm, including funding orliquidity shortfalls, adverse business decisions and regulatory risk.Failure to properly manage data may adversely affect our ability to managecompliance risk and business needs, and result in errors in our operations,reporting and decision-making, and compliance with LRRs.We rely on our ability to manage and process data accurately, timely andcompletely, including capturing, transporting, aggregating, using, transmitting dataexternally, and retaining and protecting data appropriately. While we continuallyupdate our policies, programs, processes and practices and take steps to leverageemerging technologies, such as automation, AI and robotics, our data managementprocesses may not be effective and are subject to weaknesses and failures, includinghuman error, data limitations, process delays, system failure or failed controls. Failureto effectively manage data accurately, timely and completely may adversely impact itsquality and reliability and our ability to manage current and emerging risks, produceaccurate financial, nonfinancial, regulatory, operational, environmental and socialreporting, detect or surveil potential misconduct or non-compliance with LRRs, and tomanage our business needs, strategic decision-making, resolution strategy andoperations. The failure to establish and maintain effective, efficient and controlled datamanagement could adversely impact our development of products and clientrelationships and increase operational losses and regulatory and reputational harm.Our operations, businesses and clients could be adversely affected by climate-related matters and impacts.Climate-related matters present short-, medium- and long-term risks. This includesphysical risks such as extreme weather events and natural disasters, including floods,wildfires, hurricanes and tornados, and chronic risks such as rising average globaltemperatures and sea levels. These events could adversely impact our facilities,employees and clients’ ability to repay outstanding loans, disrupt our operations orthose of our clients or third parties, disrupt supply chains or distribution networks,damage collateral and/or result in market volatility, cause rapid deposit outflows,drawdowns of credit facilities or insurance shortfalls, or deteriorate the value ofcollateral.We also face transition risk associated with the shift to a low-carbon economy.Changes in consumer preferences, market pressures, technology advancements andadditional legislation,
regulatory, compliance and legal requirements could alter our strategic planning, limitcertain business activities and products and services offered, amplify credit andmarket risks, negatively impact asset values, insurance availability and cost, requirecapital expenditures and changes in technology and markets, increase expenses andadversely impact our capital requirements and results of operations. Climate-relatedregulatory approaches and disclosure continue to evolve and diverge acrossjurisdictions (including the availability of certain reporting exemptions), includingamong the U.S. and non-U.S., and within the U.S., which could adversely impact ourlegal, compliance and public disclosure risks and costs. Availability, quality anddisclosure of climate-related data, including from third parties, remain challenging,which may result in legal, compliance and/or reputational harm.Our climate-related strategies, policies, and disclosures, which may evolve overtime, our climate-related goals and targets and/or the environmental or climateimpacts attributable to our products, services or transactions may impact legal andcompliance risk and could result in reputational harm as a result of negative publicsentiment, regulatory scrutiny, litigation and reduced investor and stakeholderconfidence. Divergent stakeholder perspectives increase the likelihood that any actionor inaction we take regarding climate-related matters will be perceived negatively,which could adversely impact our reputation and businesses. Achieving our climate-related goals and targets, including our goals to achieve net zero greenhouse gas(GHG) emissions before 2050 in our financing activities, operations and supply chain,our interim 2030 GHG targets, including financed emissions, and our sustainablefinance goals, are subject to risks and uncertainties, many outside of our control, suchas technological advances, clearly defined industry sector roadmaps, public policies,better emissions data reporting and engagement with clients, suppliers, investors,government officials and other stakeholders. Climate-related risks continue to evolveand are difficult to predict, identify, monitor and effectively mitigate, and couldadversely affect us.Our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees is critical to oursuccess, business prospects and competitive position.Our performance and competitive position is heavily dependent on the talents,development and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Competition for qualifiedpersonnel is intense from within and outside the financial services industry. Ourcompetitors include global institutions and institutions subject to differentcompensation and hiring regulations than those imposed on us. Also, our ability toattract, develop and retain employees could be impacted by our reputation,professional and development opportunities, changes in regulation or enforcementpractices, changes in workforce concerns, expectations, practices and preferences(e.g. remote work), and increasing labor shortages and competition for labor, whichcould increase labor costs.We must provide market-level compensation to attract and retain qualifiedpersonnel. As a large financial and banking institution, we are and may becomesubject to additional limitations on compensation practices by the Federal Reserve,the OCC, the FDIC and other global regulators, which may not affect our competitors.Also, because a substantial portion of compensation paid to many of our employees isequity-based awards based on the value of our common stock, declines in ourprofitability or outlook could adversely affect the ability to attract and retain employees.If we are unable to continue to attract, develop and retain qualified individuals, ourbusiness prospects and competitive position could be adversely affected.
Bank of America 22
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff CommentsNone
Item 1C. CybersecuritySee Compliance and Operational Risk Management in the MD&A beginning on page 81, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2. PropertiesAs of December 31, 2025, certain principal offices and other materially important properties consisted of the following:
Facility Name Location General Character of the Physical Property Primary Business Segment Property Status Property SquareFeet
Bank of America Corporate Center Charlotte, NC 60 Story Building Principal Executive Offices Owned 1,212,177
Bank of America Tower at One BryantPark New York, NY 55 Story Building GWIM, Global Banking and Global Markets Leased 2,024,684
Bank of America Financial Centre London, UK 3 Building Campus Global Banking and Global Markets Leased 510,169
Cheung Kong Center Hong Kong 62 Story Building Global Banking and Global Markets Leased 117,279
For leased properties, property square feet represents the square footage occupied by the Corporation.The Corporation has a 49.9 percent joint venture interest in this property.
We own or lease approximately 62.9 million square feet in over 19,600 facilitiesand ATM locations globally, including approximately 56.9 million square feet in theU.S. (all 50 states and the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Ricoand Guam) and approximately six million square feet in more than 35 countries.We believe our owned and leased properties are adequate for our business needsand are well maintained. We continue to evaluate our owned and leased real estateand may determine from time to time that certain of our premises and facilities, orownership structures, are no longer necessary for our
operations. In connection therewith, we regularly evaluate the sale or sale/leasebackof certain properties, and we may incur costs in connection with any suchtransactions.
Item 3. Legal ProceedingsSee Litigation and Regulatory Matters in Note 12 – Commitments and Contingenciesto the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4. Mine Safety DisclosuresNone
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
23 Bank of America
Part II
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesThe principal market on which our common stock is traded is the New York StockExchange under the symbol “BAC.” As of February 24, 2026, there were 122,167registered shareholders of common stock.The table below presents common share repurchase activity for the three monthsended December 31, 2025. The primary source of funds for cash distributions by theCorporation to its
shareholders is dividends received from its banking subsidiaries. Each of the bankingsubsidiaries is subject to various regulatory policies and requirements relating to thepayment of dividends, including requirements to maintain capital above regulatoryminimums. All of the Corporation’s preferred stock outstanding has preference overthe Corporation’s common stock with respect to payment of dividends.
(Dollars in millions, except per share information; shares in thousands)
Total Common SharesPurchased Weighted-Average PerShare Price
Total SharesPurchased asPart of PubliclyAnnounced Programs Remaining BuybackAuthority Amounts
October 1 - 31, 2025 30,775 $ 52.21 30,742 $ 34,768
November 1 - 30, 2025 38,284 53.31 38,159 32,753
December 1 - 31, 2025 48,375 55.23 48,348 30,109
Three months ended December 31, 2025 117,434 53.81 117,249
Includes 185 thousand shares of the Corporation's common stock acquired by the Corporation in connection with satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock or restricted stock units and certain forfeitures and terminations of employment-related awards and for potential re-issuance to certain employees under equity incentive plans.On July 23, 2025, the Corporation’s Board of Directors authorized and announced a $40 billion common stock repurchase program (2025 Repurchase Program), effective August 1, 2025, to replace the previously disclosed repurchase program, which expired onAugust 1, 2025. During the three months ended December 31, 2025, pursuant to the 2025 Repurchase Program, the Corporation repurchased approximately 117 million shares, or $6.3 billion, of its common stock. For more information, see Capital Management –CCAR and Capital Planning in the MD&A on page 49 and Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Corporation did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the three months ended December 31, 2025.
Item 6. [Reserved]
(1,2) (2) (2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 24
Item 7. Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Table of Contents
Page
Executive Summary 27Recent Developments 27Financial Highlights 27Balance Sheet Overview 29Supplemental Financial Data 31Business Segment Operations 36Consumer Banking 37Global Wealth & Investment Management 39Global Banking 41Global Markets 43All Other 44Managing Risk 45Strategic Risk Management 48Capital Management 48Liquidity Risk 54Credit Risk Management 59Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management 59Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management 64Non-U.S. Portfolio 70Loan and Lease Contractual Maturities 72Allowance for Credit Losses 73Market Risk Management 75Trading Risk Management 76Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book 79Mortgage Banking Risk Management 81Compliance and Operational Risk Management 81Reputational Risk Management 83Critical Accounting Estimates 83Non-GAAP Reconciliations 86
25 Bank of America
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Bank of America Corporation (the Corporation) and its management may make certainstatements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of thePrivate Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements can be identifiedby the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-lookingstatements often use words such as “anticipates,” “targets,” “expects,” “hopes,”“estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “outlook,” “believes,” “continue” and othersimilar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “may,” “might,”“should,” “would” and “could.” Forward-looking statements represent the Corporation’scurrent expectations, plans or forecasts of its or its lines of business future results,which may include, among other measures, revenue, liquidity, net interest income,other income, provision for credit losses, expenses, operating leverage, effective taxrate, efficiency ratio, capital measures, deposits and assets, as well as strategy, futurebusiness and economic conditions more generally, and other future matters. Thesestatements are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve certainknown and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predictand are often beyond the Corporation’s control. Actual outcomes and results maydiffer materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-lookingstatements.You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and shouldconsider the following uncertainties and risks, as well as the risks and uncertaintiesmore fully discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:and in any of the Corporation’s subsequent U.S. Securities and ExchangeCommission (SEC) filings: the Corporation’s potential judgments, orders, settlements,penalties, fines and reputational damage, which are inherently difficult to predict,resulting from pending, threatened or future litigation and regulatory inquiries,demands, requests, investigations, proceedings and enforcement actions, which theCorporation is subject to in the ordinary course of business, including matters relatedto our processing of unemployment benefits for California and certain other states, thefeatures of our automatic credit card payment service, the adequacy of theCorporation’s anti-money laundering and economic sanctions programs and theprocessing of electronic payments, including through the Zelle network, and relatedfraud, which are in various stages; in connection with ongoing litigation, the impact ofcertain changes to Visa’s and Mastercard’s respective card payment network rulesand reductions in interchange fees for U.S.-based merchants; the possibility that theCorporation’s future liabilities may be in excess of its recorded liability and estimatedrange of possible loss for litigation, and regulatory and government actions; the impactof U.S. and global interest rates (including the potential for ongoing fluctuations ininterest rates), inflation, currency exchange rates, economic conditions, trade policiesand tensions, including changes in, or the imposition of, tariffs and/or trade barriersand the economic impacts, volatility and uncertainty resulting therefrom, which mayhave varying effects across industries and geographies, and geopolitical instability;uncertainties about the financial stability and growth rates of non-U.S. jurisdictions, therisk that those jurisdictions may face difficulties servicing their sovereign debt, andrelated stresses on financial markets, currencies and trade, and the Corporation’sexposures to such risks, including direct, indirect and operational; the impact of theinterest rate, inflationary, macroeconomic, banking and regulatory environment on theCorporation’s assets, business, financial condition and results of operations; theimpact of adverse developments
affecting the U.S. or global banking industry, including bank failures and liquidityconcerns, resulting in worsening economic and market volatility, and regulatoryresponses thereto; the possibility that future credit losses may be higher than currentlyexpected, including due to changes in economic assumptions, which may includeunemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic product levels and corporatebond spreads, customer behavior, adverse developments with respect to U.S. orglobal economic conditions and other uncertainties, such as the impact of tradepolicies, supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures and labor shortages oneconomic conditions and our business; potential losses related to the Corporation'sconcentration of credit risk; the Corporation’s ability to achieve its expense targets(including noninterest expense) and expectations regarding revenue, net interestincome, operating leverage, other income, provision for credit losses, net charge-offs,effective tax rate, loan or deposit growth or other projections and targets; variances tothe underlying assumptions and judgments used in estimating banking book netinterest income sensitivity; adverse changes to the Corporation’s credit ratings fromthe major credit rating agencies; an inability to access capital markets or maintaindeposits or borrowing costs; estimates of the fair value and other accounting values,subject to impairment assessments, of certain of the Corporation’s assets andliabilities; the estimated or actual impact of changes in accounting standards orassumptions in applying those standards; uncertainty regarding the content, timingand impact of regulatory capital and liquidity requirements; the impact of adversechanges to total loss-absorbing capacity requirements, stress capital bufferrequirements and/or global systemically important bank surcharges; the potentialimpact of actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System on theCorporation’s capital plans; the effect of changes in or interpretations of income taxlaws and regulations, including impacts from the 2025 Budget Reconciliation Act; theimpact of implementation and compliance with U.S. and international laws, regulationsand regulatory interpretations, including recovery and resolution planningrequirements, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation assessments, the Volcker Rule,fiduciary standards, derivatives regulations and potential changes to loss allocationsbetween financial institutions and customers, including for losses incurred from theuse of our products and services, including electronic payments and payment ofchecks, that were authorized by the customer but induced by fraud; the impact offailures or disruptions in or breaches of the Corporation’s operations or informationsystems, or those of various third parties, including regulators and federal and stategovernments, such as from cybersecurity incidents; the risks related to thedevelopment, implementation, use and management of emerging technologies,including artificial intelligence; the risks related to the transition and physical impactsof climate change; our ability to achieve environmental goals or the impact of anychanges in the Corporation’s sustainability or human capital management strategy orgoals; the impact of uncertain or changing political conditions, federal governmentshutdowns and uncertainty regarding the federal government’s debt limit or changesin fiscal, monetary, trade or regulatory policy; the emergence of widespread healthemergencies or pandemics; the impact of natural disasters, extreme weather events,military conflicts (including the Russia/Ukraine conflict, the conflicts in the Middle East,the possible expansion of such conflicts and potential geopolitical consequences), civilunrest, terrorism or other geopolitical events; and other matters.
Bank of America 26
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and theCorporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement toreflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the forward-looking statement was made.Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements referred to in the Management’sDiscussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) areincorporated by reference into the MD&A. Certain prior-year amounts have beenreclassified to conform to current-year presentation. Throughout the MD&A, theCorporation uses certain acronyms and abbreviations that are defined in the Glossary.
Executive Summary
Business OverviewThe Corporation is a Delaware corporation, a bank holding company (BHC) and afinancial holding company. When used in this report, “Bank of America,” “theCorporation,” “we,” “us” and “our” may refer to Bank of America Corporationindividually, Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank ofAmerica Corporation’s subsidiaries or affiliates. Our principal executive offices arelocated in Charlotte, North Carolina. Through our various bank and nonbanksubsidiaries throughout the U.S. and in international markets, we provide a diversifiedrange of banking and nonbank financial services and products through four businesssegments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM),Global Banking and Global Markets, with the remaining operations recorded in AllOther. We operate our banking activities primarily under the Bank of America, NationalAssociation (Bank of America, N.A. or BANA) charter. At December 31, 2025, theCorporation had $3.4 trillion in assets and a headcount of approximately 213,000employees. As of December 31, 2025, we served clients through operations acrossthe U.S., its territories and more than 35 countries and/or jurisdictions. Our retailbanking footprint covers all major markets in the U.S., and we serve approximately 69million consumer and small business clients with approximately 3,600 retail financialcenters, approximately 15,000 automated teller machines (ATMs), and leading digitalbanking platforms (www.bankofamerica.com) with approximately 49 million activeusers, including approximately 41 million active mobile users. We offer industry-leading support to approximately four million small business households. Our GWIMbusinesses, with client balances of $4.8 trillion, provide tailored solutions to meetclient needs through a full set of investment management, brokerage, banking, trustand retirement products. We are a global leader in corporate and investment bankingand trading across a broad range of asset classes serving corporations, governments,institutions and individuals around the world.
Recent Developments
Capital ManagementOn February 3, 2026, the Board of Directors (Board) declared a quarterly commonstock dividend of $0.28 per share, payable on March 27, 2026 to shareholders ofrecord as of March 6, 2026.For more information on our capital resources and regulatory developments, seeCapital Management beginning on page 48.
Financial HighlightsEffective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change accountingmethods for its tax-related affordable housing, eligible wind renewable energy andsolar renewable energy equity investments, which were applied on a retrospectivebasis. The Corporation determined that the new accounting methods are preferable,as they better align the financial statement presentation with the economic impact ofthese equity investments. The primary impact of the accounting changes is areclassification between income statement line items that nets income tax credits andbenefits against the investment expense. Certain prior-period information presentedherein has been revised to reflect the accounting method changes. For moreinformation, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to theConsolidated Financial Statements and Exhibit 18 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Table 1 Summary Income Statement and Selected Financial Data
(Dollars in millions, except per share information)2025 2024
Income statement
Net interest income $ 60,096 $ 56,060
Noninterest income 53,001 49,796
Total revenue, net of interest expense 113,097 105,856
Provision for credit losses 5,675 5,821
Noninterest expense 69,727 66,812
Income before income taxes 37,695 33,223
Income tax expense 7,186 6,250
Net income 30,509 26,973
Preferred stock dividends and other 1,454 1,629
Net income applicable to common shareholders $ 29,055 $ 25,344
Per common share information
Earnings $ 3.86 $ 3.23
Diluted earnings 3.81 3.19
Dividends paid 1.08 1.00
Performance ratios
Return on average assets 0.89 % 0.82 %
Return on average common shareholders’ equity 10.59 9.53
Return on average tangible common shareholders’equity 14.22 12.94
Efficiency ratio 61.65 63.12
Balance sheet at year end
Total loans and leases $ 1,185,700 $ 1,095,835
Total assets 3,411,738 3,261,299
Total deposits 2,018,729 1,965,467
Total liabilities 3,108,495 2,967,336
Total common shareholders’ equity 277,251 270,804
Total shareholders’ equity 303,243 293,963
For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 172.Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information and acorresponding reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures defined by accounting principles generallyaccepted in the United States of America (GAAP), see Non-GAAP Reconciliations on page 86.
Net income was $30.5 billion, or $3.81 per diluted share, in 2025 compared to $27.0billion, or $3.19 per diluted share, in 2024. The increase in net income was due tohigher net interest income and noninterest income, and lower provision for creditlosses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.For discussion and analysis of our consolidated and business segment results ofoperations for 2024 compared to 2023, see the Financial Highlights and BusinessSegment Operations sections in the MD&A of the Corporation’s 2024 Annual Reporton Form 10-K.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
27 Bank of America
Net Interest IncomeNet interest income increased $4.0 billion to $60.1 billion in 2025 compared to 2024.Net interest yield on a fully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis increased six basis points(bps) to 2.01 percent for 2025. The increases were primarily driven by higher netinterest income related to Global Markets activity, fixed-asset repricing, and depositand loan growth, partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates and one less dayof interest accrual. For more information on net interest yield and FTE basis, seeSupplemental Financial Data on page 31, and for more information on interest raterisk management, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page79.
Noninterest Income
Table 2 Noninterest Income
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Fees and commissions:
Card income $ 6,359 $ 6,284
Service charges 6,457 6,055
Investment and brokerage services 19,956 17,766
Investment banking fees 6,630 6,186
Total fees and commissions 39,402 36,291
Market making and similar activities 12,014 12,967
Other income (loss) 1,585 538
Total noninterest income $ 53,001 $ 49,796
Noninterest income increased $3.2 billion to $53.0 billion in 2025 compared to 2024.The following highlights the significant changes.
● Service charges increased $402 million primarily due to higher treasury servicecharges.
● Investment and brokerage services increased $2.2 billion primarily driven byhigher asset management fees reflecting higher market valuations and the impactof positive assets under management (AUM) flows, as well as higher brokeragefees due to increased client activity.
● Investment banking fees increased $444 million driven by higher debt issuanceand advisory fees, partially offset by lower equity issuance fees.
● Market making and similar activities decreased $953 million primarily driven bylower trading revenue from credit products in Fixed Income, Currencies andCommodities (FICC) and lower income from derivatives used in foreign currencyrisk management activities.
● Other income increased $1.0 billion primarily due to gains on leveraged financepositions.
Provision for Credit LossesThe provision for credit losses decreased $146 million to $5.7 billion for 2025compared to 2024. For more information on the provision for credit losses, seeAllowance for Credit Losses on page 73.
Noninterest Expense
Table 3 Noninterest Expense
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Compensation and benefits $ 42,346 $ 40,182
Information processing and communications 7,453 7,231
Occupancy and equipment 7,448 7,289
Product delivery and transaction related 3,924 3,494
Professional fees 2,580 2,669
Marketing 2,204 1,956
Other general operating 3,772 3,991
Total noninterest expense $ 69,727 $ 66,812
Noninterest expense increased $2.9 billion to $69.7 billion in 2025 compared to 2024.The increase was primarily driven by continued investments in the business, includingpeople, technology and marketing, as well as higher revenue-related expenses,partially offset by a reduction in the Corporation’s accrual in 2025 for the FederalDeposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) special assessment compared to an increase inthe accrual in 2024.
Income Tax Expense
Table 4 Income Tax Expense
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Income before income taxes $ 37,695 $ 33,223
Income tax expense 7,186 6,250
Effective tax rate 19.1 % 18.8 %
The effective tax rates (ETR) for 2025 and 2024 were driven by pretax income andchanges in the mix of income and expenses subject to U.S. federal and state andlocal taxes, as well as our recurring tax preference benefits, which mainly consisted oftax credits from investments in affordable housing and renewable energy. For moreinformation, see Note 19 – Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of America 28
Balance Sheet Overview
Table 5 Selected Balance Sheet Data
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 $ Change % Change
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 231,845 $ 290,114 $ (58,269) (20)%
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 316,578 274,709 41,869 15
Trading account assets 366,954 314,460 52,494 17
Debt securities 925,635 917,284 8,351 1
Loans and leases 1,185,700 1,095,835 89,865 8
Allowance for loan and lease losses (13,203) (13,240) 37 —
All other assets 398,229 382,137 16,092 4
Total assets $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299 $ 150,439 5
Liabilities
Deposits $ 2,018,729 $ 1,965,467 $ 53,262 3
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 344,716 331,758 12,958 4
Trading account liabilities 105,996 92,543 13,453 15
Short-term borrowings 48,088 43,391 4,697 11
Long-term debt 317,816 283,279 34,537 12
All other liabilities 273,150 250,898 22,252 9
Total liabilities 3,108,495 2,967,336 141,159 5
Shareholders’ equity 303,243 293,963 9,280 3
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299 $ 150,439 5
AssetsAt December 31, 2025, total assets were approximately $3.4 trillion, up $150.4 billionfrom December 31, 2024. The increase in assets was primarily due to higher loansand leases, trading account assets, and federal funds sold and securities borrowed orpurchased under agreements to resell, partially offset by lower cash and cashequivalents.
Cash and Cash EquivalentsCash and cash equivalents decreased $58.3 billion primarily driven by loan growthand activity within Global Markets.
Federal Funds Sold and Securities Borrowed or Purchased UnderAgreements to ResellFederal funds transactions involve lending reserve balances on a short-term basis.Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell are collateralizedlending transactions utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interest ratespreads, and obtain securities for settlement and for collateral. Federal funds sold andsecurities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell increased $41.9 billionprimarily due to activity within Global Markets.
Trading Account AssetsTrading account assets consist primarily of long positions in equity and fixed-incomesecurities including U.S. government and agency securities, corporate securities andnon-U.S. sovereign debt. Trading account assets increased $52.5 billion primarily dueto activity within Global Markets.
Debt SecuritiesDebt securities primarily include U.S. Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities (MBS), principally agency MBS, non-U.S. bonds, corporate bondsand municipal debt. We reinvest cash in the debt securities portfolio primarily tomanage interest rate and liquidity risk. Debt securities increased $8.4 billion primarilydue to investment of excess cash from higher deposits and long-term debt. For moreinformation on debt securities, see Note 4 – Securities to the Consolidated FinancialStatements.
Loans and LeasesLoans and leases increased $89.9 billion primarily driven by growth in commercialloans and a residential mortgage loan portfolio acquisition in the first quarter of 2025.For more information on the loan portfolio, see Credit Risk Management on page 59.
29 Bank of America
Allowance for Loan and Lease LossesThe allowance for loan and lease losses decreased $37 million primarily due toreserve releases in credit card and commercial real estate as asset quality improved.For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 73.
All Other AssetsAll other assets increased $16.1 billion primarily driven by activity within GlobalMarkets.
LiabilitiesAt December 31, 2025, total liabilities were approximately $3.1 trillion, up $141.2billion from December 31, 2024, primarily due to higher deposits, long-term debt, allother liabilities, trading account liabilities and federal funds purchased and securitiesloaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.
DepositsDeposits increased $53.3 billion primarily driven by growth in commercial clientbalances.
Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Loaned or Sold UnderAgreements to RepurchaseFederal funds transactions involve borrowing reserve balances on a short-term basis.Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are collateralizedborrowing transactions utilized to accommodate customer transactions, earn interestrate spreads and finance assets on the balance sheet. Federal funds purchased andsecurities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase increased $13.0 billionprimarily driven by activity within Global Markets.
Trading Account LiabilitiesTrading account liabilities consist primarily of short positions in equity and fixed-income securities including U.S. Treasury and agency securities, non-U.S. sovereigndebt and corporate securities. Trading account liabilities increased $13.5 billionprimarily due to activity within Global Markets.
Short-term BorrowingsShort-term borrowings provide an additional funding source and primarily consist ofFederal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) short-term borrowings, commercial paper, notespayable and various other borrowings that generally have maturities of one year orless. Short-term borrowings increased $4.7 billion primarily due to higher unsecuredborrowings to manage liquidity needs. For more information on short-term borrowings,see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateraland Restricted Cash to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Long-term DebtLong-term debt increased $34.5 billion primarily due to debt issuances and valuationadjustments, partially offset by maturities and redemptions. For more information onlong-term debt, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt to the Consolidated FinancialStatements.
All Other LiabilitiesAll other liabilities increased $22.3 billion primarily driven by activity within GlobalMarkets.
Shareholders’ EquityShareholders’ equity increased $9.3 billion primarily due to net income, preferredstock issuances and an increase in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI),partially offset by returns of capital to shareholders through common stockrepurchases and common and preferred stock dividends, as well as preferred stockredemptions.
Cash Flows OverviewThe Corporation’s operating assets and liabilities support our global markets andlending activities. We believe that cash flows from operations, available cash balancesand our ability to generate cash through short- and long-term debt are sufficient tofund our operating liquidity needs. Our investing activities primarily include the debtsecurities portfolio and loans and leases. Our financing activities reflect cash flowsprimarily related to customer deposits, securities financing agreements, long-termdebt and common and preferred stock.
Bank of America 30
Supplemental Financial Data
Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresIn this Form 10-K, we present certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAPfinancial measures exclude certain items or otherwise include components that differfrom the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.Non-GAAP financial measures are provided as additional useful information to assessour financial condition, results of operations (including period-to-period operatingperformance) or compliance with prospective regulatory requirements. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended as a substitute for GAAP financialmeasures and may not be defined or calculated the same way as non-GAAP financialmeasures used by other companies.When presented on a consolidated basis, we view net interest income on an FTEbasis as a non-GAAP financial measure. To derive the FTE basis, net interest incomeis adjusted to reflect tax-exempt income on an equivalent before-tax basis with acorresponding increase in income tax expense. For purposes of this calculation, weuse the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent and a representative state tax rate. Netinterest yield, which measures the basis points we earn over the cost of funds, utilizesnet interest income on an FTE basis. We believe that presentation of these items onan FTE basis allows for comparison of amounts from both taxable and tax-exemptsources and is consistent with industry practices.We may present certain key performance indicators and ratios excluding certainitems (e.g., debit valuation adjustment (DVA) gains (losses)), which result in non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that the presentation of measures that excludethese items is useful because such measures provide additional information to assessthe underlying operational performance and trends of our businesses and to allowbetter comparison of period-to-period operating performance.We also evaluate our business based on certain ratios that utilize tangible equity, anon-GAAP financial measure. Tangible equity represents shareholders’ equity orcommon shareholders’ equity reduced by goodwill and intangible assets (excludingmortgage servicing rights (MSRs)), net of related deferred tax liabilities (“adjusted”shareholders’ equity or common shareholders’ equity). These measures are used toevaluate our use of equity. In addition, profitability, relationship and investment modelsuse both return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity and return onaverage tangible
shareholders’ equity as key measures to support our overall growth objectives. Theseratios are:
● Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity measures our netincome applicable to common shareholders as a percentage of adjusted averagecommon shareholders’ equity. The tangible common equity ratio representsadjusted ending common shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets.
● Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity measures our net income as apercentage of adjusted average total shareholders’ equity. The tangible equity ratiorepresents adjusted ending shareholders’ equity divided by total tangible assets.
● Tangible book value per common share represents adjusted ending commonshareholders’ equity divided by ending common shares outstanding.
We believe ratios utilizing tangible equity provide additional useful informationbecause they present measures of those assets that can generate income. Tangiblebook value per common share provides additional useful information about the level oftangible assets in relation to outstanding shares of common stock.The aforementioned supplemental data and performance measures are presentedin Table 6 on page 32 and Table 7 on page 33.For more information on the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measuresto the corresponding GAAP financial measures, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations onpage 86.
Key Performance IndicatorsWe present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators (keyperformance indicators) that management uses when assessing our consolidatedand/or segment results. We believe they are useful to investors because they provideadditional information about our underlying operational performance and trends.These key performance indicators (KPIs) may not be defined or calculated in thesame way as similar KPIs used by other companies. For information on how thesemetrics are defined, see Key Metrics on page 172.Our consolidated key performance indicators, which include various equity andcredit metrics, are presented in Table 1 on page 27, Table 6 on page 32 and Table 7on page 33.For information on key segment performance metrics, see Business SegmentOperations on page 36.
31 Bank of America
Table 6 Selected Annual Financial Data
(In millions, except per share information) 2025 2024 2023
Income statement
Net interest income $ 60,096 $ 56,060 $ 56,931
Noninterest income 53,001 49,796 45,838
Total revenue, net of interest expense 113,097 105,856 102,769
Provision for credit losses 5,675 5,821 4,394
Noninterest expense 69,727 66,812 65,845
Income before income taxes 37,695 33,223 32,530
Income tax expense 7,186 6,250 6,225
Net income 30,509 26,973 26,305
Net income applicable to common shareholders 29,055 25,344 24,656
Average common shares issued and outstanding 7,521.9 7,855.5 8,028.6
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 7,680.9 7,935.8 8,080.5
Performance ratios
Return on average assets 0.89 % 0.82 % 0.83 %
Return on average common shareholders’ equity 10.59 9.53 9.73
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity 14.22 12.94 13.45
Return on average shareholders’ equity 10.22 9.22 9.33
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity 13.36 12.13 12.43
Total ending equity to total ending assets 8.89 9.01 9.12
Common equity ratio 8.13 8.30 8.23
Total average equity to total average assets 8.75 8.91 8.94
Dividend payout 27.82 30.86 29.90
Per common share data
Earnings $ 3.86 $ 3.23 $ 3.07
Diluted earnings 3.81 3.19 3.05
Dividends paid 1.08 1.00 0.92
Book value 38.44 35.58 33.16
Tangible book value 28.73 26.37 24.28
Market capitalization $ 396,686 $ 334,497 $ 265,840
Average balance sheet
Total loans and leases $ 1,136,787 $ 1,060,081 $ 1,046,256
Total assets 3,410,412 3,282,045 3,152,461
Total deposits 1,984,182 1,924,106 1,887,541
Long-term debt 245,775 246,081 248,853
Common shareholders’ equity 274,435 265,980 253,464
Total shareholders’ equity 298,474 292,467 281,861
Asset quality
Allowance for credit losses $ 14,380 $ 14,336 $ 14,551
Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties 5,905 6,120 5,630
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding 1.12 % 1.21 % 1.27 %
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases 228 222 243
Net charge-offs $ 5,631 $ 6,031 $ 3,799
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding 0.50 % 0.57 % 0.36 %
Capital ratios at year end
Common equity tier 1 capital 11.4 % 11.9 % 11.8 %
Tier 1 capital 12.8 13.2 13.5
Total capital 14.7 15.1 15.2
Tier 1 leverage 6.8 6.9 7.1
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.7 5.9 6.1
Tangible equity 7.0 7.0 7.1
Tangible common equity 6.2 6.3 6.2
For definition, see Key Metrics on page 172.Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios and corresponding reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31 andNon-GAAP Reconciliations on page 86.Includes the allowance for loan and leases losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leasesand Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 63 and corresponding Table 28 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 67 and corresponding Table 34.For more information, including which approach is used to assess capital adequacy, see Capital Management on page 48.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(4)
(4)
(5)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 32
Table 7 Selected Quarterly Financial Data
2025 Quarters 2024 Quarters
(In millions, except per share information) Fourth Third Second First Fourth Third Second First
Income statement
Net interest income $ 15,750 $ 15,233 $ 14,670 $ 14,443 $ 14,359 $ 13,967 $ 13,702 $ 14,032
Noninterest income 12,617 13,807 12,773 13,804 12,116 12,246 12,603 12,831
Total revenue, net of interest expense 28,367 29,040 27,443 28,247 26,475 26,213 26,305 26,863
Provision for credit losses 1,308 1,295 1,592 1,480 1,452 1,542 1,508 1,319
Noninterest expense 17,437 17,337 17,183 17,770 16,787 16,479 16,309 17,237
Income before income taxes 9,622 10,408 8,668 8,997 8,236 8,192 8,488 8,307
Income tax expense 1,975 2,076 1,498 1,637 1,430 1,481 1,685 1,654
Net income 7,647 8,332 7,170 7,360 6,806 6,711 6,803 6,653
Net income applicable to common shareholders 7,319 7,903 6,879 6,954 6,540 6,195 6,488 6,121
Average common shares issued and outstanding 7,364.9 7,466.0 7,581.2 7,677.9 7,738.4 7,818.0 7,897.9 7,968.2
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding7,546.9 7,627.1 7,651.6 7,770.8 7,843.7 7,902.1 7,960.9 8,031.4
Performance ratios
Return on average assets 0.89 % 0.96 % 0.84 % 0.89 % 0.82 % 0.81 % 0.84 % 0.82 %
Four-quarter trailing return on average assets 0.89 0.88 0.84 0.84 0.82 0.72 0.76 0.78
Return on average common shareholders’ equity 10.45 11.40 10.12 10.37 9.64 9.22 9.89 9.37
Return on average tangible common shareholders’ equity 13.97 15.29 13.61 13.97 13.02 12.49 13.47 12.79
Return on average shareholders’ equity 9.98 11.01 9.74 10.15 9.23 9.10 9.37 9.19
Return on average tangible shareholders’ equity 12.97 14.35 12.77 13.32 12.12 11.96 12.34 12.11
Total ending equity to total ending assets 8.89 8.89 8.66 8.78 9.01 8.87 8.97 8.92
Common equity ratio 8.13 8.12 7.98 8.17 8.30 8.13 8.16 8.05
Total average equity to total average assets 8.86 8.75 8.61 8.78 8.85 8.91 8.92 8.97
Dividend payout 28.02 26.31 28.48 28.65 30.62 32.65 29.08 31.21
Per common share data
Earnings $ 0.99 $ 1.06 $ 0.91 $ 0.91 $ 0.85 $ 0.79 $ 0.82 $ 0.77
Diluted earnings 0.98 1.04 0.90 0.89 0.83 0.78 0.82 0.76
Dividends paid 0.28 0.28 0.26 0.26 0.26 0.26 0.24 0.24
Book value 38.44 37.72 36.92 36.17 35.58 35.14 34.19 33.52
Tangible book value 28.73 28.16 27.49 26.90 26.37 26.03 25.17 24.61
Market capitalization $ 396,686 $ 378,125 $ 351,904 $ 315,482 $ 334,497 $ 305,090 $ 309,202 $ 298,312
Average balance sheet
Total loans and leases $ 1,170,895 $ 1,153,035 $ 1,128,453 $ 1,093,738 $ 1,081,009 $ 1,059,728 $ 1,051,472 $ 1,047,890
Total assets 3,427,791 3,433,447 3,430,280 3,349,011 3,315,578 3,293,900 3,272,956 3,245,247
Total deposits 2,012,523 1,991,434 1,973,761 1,958,332 1,957,950 1,920,748 1,909,925 1,907,462
Long-term debt 245,470 247,425 249,104 241,036 238,988 247,338 243,689 254,782
Common shareholders’ equity 277,881 275,149 272,756 271,880 269,905 267,447 263,830 262,677
Total shareholders’ equity 303,873 300,381 295,329 294,187 293,398 293,431 291,943 291,074
Asset quality
Allowance for credit losses $ 14,380 $ 14,361 $ 14,434 $ 14,366 $ 14,336 $ 14,351 $ 14,342 $ 14,371
Nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties 5,905 5,470 6,104 6,201 6,120 5,824 5,691 6,034
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans andleases outstanding 1.12 % 1.14 % 1.17 % 1.20 % 1.21 % 1.24 % 1.26 % 1.26 %
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperformingloans and leases 228 248 222 218 222 235 242 225
Net charge-offs $ 1,287 $ 1,367 $ 1,525 $ 1,452 $ 1,466 $ 1,534 $ 1,533 $ 1,498
Annualized net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leasesoutstanding 0.44 % 0.47 % 0.55 % 0.54 % 0.54 % 0.58 % 0.59 % 0.58 %
Capital ratios at period end
Common equity tier 1 capital 11.4 % 11.6 % 11.5 % 11.8 % 11.9 % 11.8 % 11.9 % 11.9 %
Tier 1 capital 12.8 13.1 12.9 13.0 13.2 13.2 13.5 13.6
Total capital 14.7 15.0 14.8 15.0 15.1 14.9 15.1 15.2
Tier 1 leverage 6.8 6.8 6.7 6.8 6.9 6.9 7.0 7.1
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.7 5.8 5.7 5.7 5.9 5.9 6.0 6.0
Tangible equity 7.0 7.0 6.8 6.8 7.0 6.9 7.0 6.9
Tangible common equity 6.2 6.2 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0
Total loss-absorbing capacity and long-term debt metrics
Total loss-absorbing capacity to risk-weighted assets 26.3 % 27.0 % 27.1 % 27.4 % 27.1 % 27.4 % 28.2 % 28.7 %
Total loss-absorbing capacity to supplementary leverage exposure 11.7 11.9 12.0 12.1 12.0 12.2 12.5 12.8
Eligible long-term debt to risk-weighted assets 12.7 13.1 13.5 13.6 13.0 13.3 13.7 14.2
Eligible long-term debt to supplementary leverage exposure5.7 5.8 6.0 6.0 5.8 6.0 6.0 6.3
For definitions, see Key Metrics on page 172.Calculated as total net income for four consecutive quarters divided by annualized average assets for four consecutive quarters.Tangible equity ratios and tangible book value per share of common stock are non-GAAP financial measures. For more information on these ratios and corresponding reconciliations to GAAP financial measures, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31 andNon-GAAP Reconciliations on page 86.Includes the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments.Balances and ratios do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option. For additional exclusions from nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties, see Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leasesand Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 63 and corresponding Table 28 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity on page 68 and corresponding Table 34.For more information, including which approach is used to assess capital adequacy, see Capital Management on page 48.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(5)
(5)
(5)
(6)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
33 Bank of America
Table 8 Average Balances and Interest Rates - FTE Basis
AverageBalance
InterestIncome/Expense Yield/Rate AverageBalance
InterestIncome/Expense Yield/Rate AverageBalance
InterestIncome/Expense Yield/Rate
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Earning assets
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banksand other banks $ 260,543 $ 10,493 4.03 % $ 332,897 $ 16,806 5.05 % $ 324,389 $ 15,965 4.92 %
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments9,902 354 3.58 10,105 459 4.54 9,704 465 4.79
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreementsto resell 328,423 15,433 4.70 310,626 19,911 6.41 291,669 18,679 6.40
Trading account assets 235,772 12,346 5.24 207,557 10,476 5.05 189,263 8,849 4.68
Debt securities 930,634 27,466 2.94 868,709 26,107 2.99 794,192 20,332 2.55
Loans and leases
Residential mortgage 233,745 8,093 3.46 227,777 7,391 3.24 229,001 6,923 3.02
Home equity 26,315 1,512 5.75 25,621 1,607 6.27 25,969 1,471 5.67
Credit card 101,043 11,518 11.40 99,914 11,438 11.45 96,190 10,436 10.85
Direct/Indirect and other consumer 109,701 5,960 5.43 104,548 5,829 5.58 104,571 5,200 4.97
Total consumer 470,804 27,083 5.75 457,860 26,265 5.74 455,731 24,030 5.27
U.S. commercial 434,652 23,023 5.30 390,574 21,402 5.48 378,212 19,494 5.15
Non-U.S. commercial 148,871 8,233 5.53 126,596 8,749 6.91 125,486 8,023 6.39
Commercial real estate 66,356 4,092 6.17 69,940 5,000 7.15 72,981 5,162 7.07
Commercial lease financing 16,104 870 5.40 15,111 806 5.33 13,846 646 4.67
Total commercial 665,983 36,218 5.44 602,221 35,957 5.97 590,525 33,325 5.64
Total loans and leases 1,136,787 63,301 5.57 1,060,081 62,222 5.87 1,046,256 57,355 5.48
Other earning assets 122,211 9,782 8.00 108,893 11,245 10.33 98,127 9,184 9.36
Total earning assets 3,024,272 139,175 4.60 2,898,868 147,226 5.08 2,753,600 130,829 4.75
Cash and due from banks 24,784 24,045 26,076
Other assets, less allowance for loan and lease losses361,356 359,132 372,785
Total assets $ 3,410,412 $ 3,282,045 $ 3,152,461
Interest-bearing liabilities
U.S. interest-bearing deposits
Demand and money market deposits $ 1,087,871 $ 22,836 2.10 % $ 1,050,904 $ 25,177 2.40 % $ 1,038,681 $ 19,081 1.84 %
Time and savings deposits 258,373 7,904 3.06 250,591 8,848 3.53 168,531 3,812 2.26
Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits 1,346,244 30,740 2.28 1,301,495 34,025 2.61 1,207,212 22,893 1.90
Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits 123,461 3,773 3.06 109,246 4,417 4.04 96,845 3,270 3.38
Total interest-bearing deposits 1,469,705 34,513 2.35 1,410,741 38,442 2.72 1,304,057 26,163 2.01
Federal funds purchased, securities loaned or sold under agreements torepurchase 385,966 18,572 4.81 367,192 23,777 6.48 301,015 20,583 6.84
Short-term borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities175,902 9,470 5.38 149,355 10,761 7.21 152,548 9,970 6.54
Trading account liabilities 51,758 2,657 5.13 52,371 2,191 4.18 46,083 2,043 4.43
Long-term debt 245,775 13,258 5.39 246,081 15,376 6.25 248,853 14,572 5.86
Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,329,106 78,470 3.37 2,225,740 90,547 4.07 2,052,556 73,331 3.57
Noninterest-bearing sources
Noninterest-bearing deposits 514,477 513,365 583,484
Other liabilities 268,355 250,473 234,560
Shareholders’ equity 298,474 292,467 281,861
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 3,410,412 $ 3,282,045 $ 3,152,461
Net interest spread 1.23 % 1.01 % 1.18 %
Impact of noninterest-bearing sources 0.78 0.94 0.90
Net interest income/yield on earning assets $ 60,705 2.01 % $ 56,679 1.95 % $ 57,498 2.08 %
Includes the impact of interest rate risk management contracts. For more information, see Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book on page 79.Nonperforming loans are included in the respective average loan balances. Income on these nonperforming loans is generally recognized on a cost recovery basis.Includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $60.4 billion, $63.8 billion and $67.2 billion, and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $5.9 billion, $6.1 billion and $5.8 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.Includes $62.9 billion, $48.4 billion and $40.2 billion of structured notes and liabilities for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.Net interest income includes FTE adjustments of $609 million, $619 million and $567 million for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
(1) (1) (1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 34
Table 9 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income - FTE Basis
Due to Change in
Net Change
Due to Change in
Net ChangeVolume Rate Volume Rate
(Dollars in millions) From 2024 to 2025 From 2023 to 2024
Increase (decrease) in interest income
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks $ (3,649) $ (2,664) $ (6,313) $ 414 $ 427 $ 841
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments (9) (96) (105) 19 (25) (6)
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 1,141 (5,619) (4,478) 1,201 31 1,232
Trading account assets 1,430 440 1,870 865 762 1,627
Debt securities 1,719 (360) 1,359 1,820 3,955 5,775
Loans and leases
Residential mortgage 182 520 702 (44) 512 468
Home equity 43 (138) (95) (18) 154 136
Credit card 131 (51) 80 405 597 1,002
Direct/Indirect and other consumer 292 (161) 131 (4) 633 629
Total consumer 818 2,235
U.S. commercial 2,417 (796) 1,621 621 1,287 1,908
Non-U.S. commercial 1,538 (2,054) (516) 66 660 726
Commercial real estate (256) (652) (908) (217) 55 (162)
Commercial lease financing 52 12 64 60 100 160
Total commercial 261 2,632
Total loans and leases 1,079 4,867
Other earning assets 1,379 (2,842) (1,463) 1,008 1,053 2,061
Net increase (decrease) in interest income $ (8,051) $ 16,397
Increase (decrease) in interest expense
U.S. interest-bearing deposits
Demand and money market deposit accounts $ 932 $ (3,273) $ (2,341) $ 256 $ 5,840 $ 6,096
Time and savings deposits 273 (1,217) (944) 1,851 3,185 5,036
Total U.S. interest-bearing deposits (3,285) 11,132
Non-U.S. interest-bearing deposits 571 (1,215) (644) 423 724 1,147
Total interest-bearing deposits (3,929) 12,279
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 1,234 (6,439) (5,205) 4,533 (1,339) 3,194
Short-term borrowings and other interest bearing liabilities 1,922 (3,213) (1,291) (202) 993 791
Trading account liabilities (28) 494 466 277 (129) 148
Long-term debt (15) (2,103) (2,118) (152) 956 804
Net increase (decrease) in interest expense (12,077) 17,216
Net increase (decrease) in net interest income $ 4,026 $ (819)
The changes for each category of interest income and expense are divided between the portion of change attributable to the variance in volume and the portion of change attributable to the variance in rate for that category. The unallocated change in rate orvolume variance is allocated between the rate and volume variances.Includes changes in FTE basis adjustments of a $10 million decrease from 2024 to 2025 and a $52 million increase from 2023 to 2024.
(1) (1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
35 Bank of America
Business Segment Operations
Segment Description and Basis of PresentationWe report our results of operations through the following four business segments: Consumer Banking, GWIM, Global Banking and Global Markets, with the remaining operationsrecorded in All Other. We manage our segments and report their results on an FTE basis. The primary activities, products and businesses of the business segments and AllOther are shown below.
We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and allocate capitalannually during the strategic and capital planning processes. We utilize amethodology that considers the effect of regulatory capital requirements in addition tointernal risk-based capital models. Our internal risk-based capital models use a risk-adjusted methodology incorporating each segment’s credit, market, interest rate,business and operational risk components. For more information on the nature ofthese risks, see Managing Risk on page 45. The capital allocated to the businesssegments is referred to as allocated capital.
For more information on our presentation of financial information on an FTE basis,see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31, and for reconciliations to consolidatedtotal revenue, net income and year--end total assets, see Note 23 – BusinessSegment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Performance IndicatorsWe present certain key financial and nonfinancial performance indicators thatmanagement uses when evaluating segment results. We believe they are useful toinvestors because they provide additional information about our segments’ operationalperformance, client trends and business growth. These KPIs may not be defined orcalculated in the same way as similar KPIs used by other companies.
Bank of America 36
Consumer Banking
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 % Change
Net interest income $ 35,309 $ 33,078 7 %
Noninterest income:
Card income 5,456 5,432 —
Service charges 2,528 2,445 3
All other income 380 481 (21)
Total noninterest income 8,364 8,358 —
Total revenue, net of interest expense 43,673 41,436 5
Provision for credit losses 4,649 4,987 (7)
Noninterest expense 22,697 22,104 3
Income before income taxes 16,327 14,345 14
Income tax expense 4,082 3,586 14
Net income $ 12,245 $ 10,759 14
Effective tax rate 25.0 % 25.0 %
Net interest yield 3.56 3.34
Efficiency ratio 51.97 53.35
Return on average allocated capital 28 25
Balance Sheet
Average
Total loans and leases $ 319,312 $ 313,792 2 %
Total earning assets 992,579 988,950 —
Total assets 1,030,094 1,026,310 —
Total deposits 948,078 945,549 —
Allocated capital 44,000 43,250 2
Year End
Total loans and leases $ 325,871 $ 318,754 2 %
Total earning assets 998,969 995,369 —
Total assets 1,039,346 1,034,370 —
Total deposits 956,265 952,311 —
Consumer Banking offers a diversified range of lending, deposit and investmentproducts and services to consumers and small businesses. Consumer Bankingincludes the net impact of migrating customers and their related deposit, brokerageasset and loan balances between Consumer Banking and GWIM, as well as otherclient-managed businesses. Our customers and clients have access to a coast-to-coast network, including financial centers in 38 states and the District of Columbia. Asof December 31, 2025, our network includes approximately 3,600 financial centers,approximately 15,000 ATMs, nationwide call centers and leading digital bankingplatforms with approximately 49 million active users, including approximately 41million active mobile users.
Consumer Banking ResultsNet income for Consumer Banking increased $1.5 billion to $12.2 billion primarily dueto higher revenue and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by highernoninterest expense. Net interest income increased $2.2 billion to $35.3 billionprimarily driven by higher deposit spreads, as well as loan and deposit balances.Noninterest income was $8.4 billion, relatively unchanged from the same period ayear ago.
The provision for credit losses decreased $338 million to $4.6 billion primarily dueto improved asset quality in credit card. Noninterest expense increased $593 million to$22.7 billion primarily driven by investments in the business, including people andmarketing.The return on average allocated capital was 28 percent, up from 25 percent, due tohigher net income, partially offset by an increase in allocated capital. For informationon capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations onpage 36.Average loans and leases increased $5.5 billion to $319.3 billion due to growthacross all products.Average deposits increased $2.5 billion to $948.1 billion primarily due to growth intime deposits of $16.5 billion and net inflows of $7.2 billion in checking, partially offsetby net outflows of $21.1 billion in money market and other savings.Consumer investment assets increased $81.3 billion to $599.1 billion driven byhigher market valuations and positive net client flows.
Key StatisticsThe following table provides key performance indicators for deposit spreads, otherperiod-end information, credit and debit card and loan production activities.
37 Bank of America
Key Statistics
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Deposit Spreads
Total deposit spreads (excludes noninterest costs) 2.92% 2.77%
Year end
Consumer investment assets (in millions) $ 599,110 $ 517,835
Active digital banking users (in thousands) 49,323 48,150
Active mobile banking users (in thousands) 41,427 39,958
Financial centers 3,628 3,700
ATMs 14,909 14,893
Credit and Debit Card
Total credit card
Gross interest yield 12.02 % 12.30 %
Risk-adjusted margin 7.06 6.98
New accounts (in thousands) 3,531 3,820
Purchase volumes $ 377,760 $ 368,861
Debit card purchase volumes 594,603 557,000
Loan Production
Consumer Banking:
First mortgage $ 12,137 $ 10,252
Home equity 8,560 7,450
Total :
First mortgage $ 26,326 $ 21,104
Home equity 10,400 8,884
Includes client brokerage assets, deposit sweep balances, brokered CDs and AUM in Consumer Banking.Represents mobile and/or online active users over the past 90 days.Represents mobile active users over the past 90 days.Includes consumer credit card portfolios in Consumer Banking and GWIM.Calculated as the effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.Calculated as the difference between total revenue, net of interest expense, and net charge-offs divided by average loans.The loan production amounts represent the unpaid principal balance of loans and, in the case of home equity, the principal amount of the total line of credit.In addition to loan production in Consumer Banking, there is also first mortgage and home equity loan production in GWIM.
Active mobile banking users increased by more than one million, reflecting clientgrowth and continuing changes in our clients’ banking preferences. We had a netdecrease of 72 financial centers and an increase of 16 ATMs as we continued tooptimize our consumer banking network.During 2025, the total risk-adjusted margin increased eight bps primarily driven byhigher net interest margin and lower net charge-offs, partially offset by lower feeincome. Total credit card purchase volumes increased $8.9 billion, and debit cardpurchase volumes increased $37.6 billion, reflecting higher levels of consumerspending.
During 2025, first mortgage loan originations for Consumer Banking increased$1.9 billion, and first mortgage loan originations for the total Corporation increased$5.2 billion, primarily driven by higher demand.During 2025, home equity production in Consumer Banking increased $1.1 billion,and home equity production for the total Corporation increased $1.5 billion, primarilydriven by higher demand.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
Bank of America 38
Global Wealth & Investment Management
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 % Change
Net interest income $ 7,197 $ 6,969 3 %
Noninterest income:
Investment and brokerage services 17,019 15,238 12
All other income 667 722 (8)
Total noninterest income 17,686 15,960 11
Total revenue, net of interest expense 24,883 22,929 9
Provision for credit losses 35 4 n/m
Noninterest expense 18,621 17,241 8
Income before income taxes 6,227 5,684 10
Income tax expense 1,557 1,421 10
Net income $ 4,670 $ 4,263 10
Effective tax rate 25.0 % 25.0 %
Net interest yield 2.32 2.20
Efficiency ratio 74.84 75.19
Return on average allocated capital 24 23
Balance Sheet
Average
Total loans and leases $ 243,123 $ 223,899 9 %
Total earning assets 309,890 317,283 (2)
Total assets 323,914 331,014 (2)
Total deposits 279,776 287,491 (3)
Allocated capital 19,750 18,500 7
Year end
Total loans and leases $ 261,303 $ 231,981 13 %
Total earning assets 320,899 323,496 (1)
Total assets 335,495 338,367 (1)
Total deposits 289,854 292,278 (1)
n/m = not meaningful
GWIM consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Wealth Management and Bank ofAmerica Private Bank.Merrill Wealth Management’s advisory business provides a high-touch clientexperience through a network of financial advisors focused on clients with over$250,000 in total investable assets. Merrill Wealth Management provides tailoredsolutions to meet clients’ needs through a full set of investment management,brokerage, banking and retirement products.Bank of America Private Bank, together with Merrill Wealth Management’s PrivateWealth Management business, provides comprehensive wealth managementsolutions targeted to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients, as well ascustomized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, investment management,trust and banking needs, including specialty asset management services.Net income for GWIM increased $407 million to $4.7 billion primarily due to higherrevenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense. The operating margin was 25percent in both 2025 and 2024.Net interest income increased $228 million to $7.2 billion primarily driven by loangrowth.Noninterest income, which primarily includes investment and brokerage servicesincome, increased $1.7 billion to $17.7 billion. The increase was primarily driven byhigher asset management fees, which increased 12 percent to $15.4 billion, reflectinghigher market valuations and the impact of positive AUM flows as well as higherbrokerage fees due to increased transactional volume, partially offset by the impact oflower AUM pricing.
Noninterest expense increased $1.4 billion to $18.6 billion primarily due to higherrevenue-related incentives and investments in the business, including people andtechnology.The return on average allocated capital was 24 percent, up from 23 percent, due tohigher net income, partially offset by an increase in allocated capital. For informationon capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations onpage 36.Average loans and leases increased $19.2 billion to $243.1 billion primarily drivenby custom lending, securities-based lending and residential mortgage. Averagedeposits decreased $7.7 billion to $279.8 billion primarily driven by clients movingdeposits to higher yielding investment cash alternatives, including offerings on ourinvestment and brokerage platforms, as well as a higher level of client tax payments.Merrill Wealth Management revenue of $20.7 billion increased nine percentprimarily driven by higher asset management fees reflecting higher market valuationsand the impact of positive AUM flows, as well as higher brokerage fees due toincreased transactional volume.Bank of America Private Bank revenue of $4.2 billion increased eight percentprimarily driven by higher net interest income from loan and deposit growth, as well ashigher asset management fees reflecting higher market valuations and the impact ofpositive AUM flows.
39 Bank of America
Key Indicators and Metrics
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Revenue by Business
Merrill Wealth Management $ 20,716 $ 19,066
Bank of America Private Bank 4,167 3,863
Total revenue, net of interest expense $ 24,883 $ 22,929
Client Balances by Business, at year end
Merrill Wealth Management $ 3,992,312 $ 3,578,513
Bank of America Private Bank 759,082 673,593
Total client balances $ 4,751,394 $ 4,252,106
Client Balances by Type, at year end
Assets under management $ 2,177,708 $ 1,882,211
Brokerage and other assets 2,067,937 1,888,334
Deposits 289,854 292,278
Loans and leases 263,819 234,208
Less: Managed deposits in assets under management (47,924) (44,925)
Total client balances $ 4,751,394 $ 4,252,106
Assets Under Management Rollforward
Assets under management, beginning of year $ 1,882,211 $ 1,617,740
Net client flows 81,997 79,227
Market valuation/other 213,500 185,244
Total assets under management, end of year $ 2,177,708 $ 1,882,211
Includes margin receivables, which are classified in customer and other receivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Client BalancesClient balances managed under advisory and/or discretion of GWIM are AUM and aretypically held in diversified portfolios. Fees earned on AUM are calculated as apercentage of clients’ AUM balances. The asset management fees charged to clientsper year depend on various factors but are commonly driven by the breadth of theclient’s relationship. The net client AUM flows
represent the net change in clients’ AUM balances over a specified period of time,excluding market appreciation/depreciation and other adjustments.Client balances increased $499.3 billion, or 12 percent, to $4.8 trillion atDecember 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024. The increase in client balanceswas driven by higher market valuations and positive net client flows.
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 40
Global Banking
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 % Change
Net interest income $ 12,611 $ 13,235 (5)%
Noninterest income:
Service charges 3,438 3,135 10
Investment banking fees 3,742 3,453 8
All other income 4,317 3,925 10
Total noninterest income 11,497 10,513 9
Total revenue, net of interest expense 24,108 23,748 2
Provision for credit losses 943 883 7
Noninterest expense 12,416 11,853 5
Income before income taxes 10,749 11,012 (2)
Income tax expense 2,956 3,028 (2)
Net income $ 7,793 $ 7,984 (2)
Effective tax rate 27.5 % 27.5 %
Net interest yield 1.94 2.29
Efficiency ratio 51.51 49.91
Return on average allocated capital 15 16
Balance Sheet
Average
Total loans and leases $ 385,379 $ 373,227 3 %
Total earning assets 650,829 577,481 13
Total assets 715,866 643,337 11
Total deposits 616,831 545,769 13
Allocated capital 50,750 49,250 3
Year end
Total loans and leases $ 388,998 $ 379,473 3 %
Total earning assets 671,354 605,499 11
Total assets 734,710 670,505 10
Total deposits 641,211 578,159 11
Global Banking, which includes Global Corporate Banking, Global CommercialBanking, Business Banking and Global Investment Banking, provides a wide range oflending-related products and services, integrated working capital management andtreasury solutions, and underwriting and advisory services through our network ofglobal offices and client relationship teams. Our lending products and services includecommercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, commercial real estatelending and asset-based lending. Our treasury solutions business includes deposits,treasury management, corporate credit card, merchant services, foreign exchangeand short-term investment products. We also provide investment banking services toour clients such as debt and equity underwriting and distribution, and merger-relatedand other advisory services. Underwriting debt and equity issuances, fixed-incomeand equity research, and certain market-based activities are executed through ourglobal broker-dealer affiliates, which are our primary dealers in several countries.Within Global Banking, Global Corporate Banking clients generally include largeglobal corporations, financial institutions and leasing clients. Global CommercialBanking clients generally include middle-market companies, commercial real estatefirms and not-for-profit companies. Business Banking clients include mid-sized U.S.-based businesses requiring customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.
Net income for Global Banking decreased $191 million to $7.8 billion driven byhigher noninterest expense and provision for credit losses, partially offset by higherrevenue.Net interest income decreased $624 million to $12.6 billion primarily due to theimpact of lower interest rates, partially offset by the benefit of higher average depositand loan balances.Noninterest income increased $984 million to $11.5 billion primarily due to sales ofcertain leveraged finance positions, higher investment banking fees and highertreasury service charges.The provision for credit losses increased $60 million to $943 million driven by thecommercial and industrial portfolio, partially offset by improvement within thecommercial real estate portfolio.Noninterest expense increased $563 million to $12.4 billion primarily due tocontinued investments in the business, including people, technology and operations,as well as higher regulatory costs.The return on average allocated capital was 15 percent, down from 16 percent,due to lower net income and an increase in allocated capital. For information oncapital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations onpage 36.
41 Bank of America
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business BankingGlobal Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking each include BusinessLending and Global Transaction Services activities. Business Lending includesvarious lending-related products and services, and related hedging activities, includingcommercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance,
commercial real estate lending and asset-based lending. Global Transaction Servicesincludes deposits, treasury management, corporate credit card, merchant services,foreign exchange and short-term investment products. The table below and discussionpresent a summary of the results, which exclude certain investment banking and otheractivities in Global Banking.
Global Corporate, Global Commercial and Business Banking
Global Corporate Banking Global Commercial Banking Business Banking Total
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenue
Business Lending $ 4,031 $ 4,339 $ 4,566 $ 4,941 $ 216 $ 231 $ 8,813 $ 9,511
Global Transaction Services 5,299 5,125 4,224 3,906 1,488 1,474 11,011 10,505
Total revenue, net of interest expense $ 9,330 $ 9,464 $ 8,790 $ 8,847 $ 1,704 $ 1,705 $ 19,824 $ 20,016
Balance Sheet
Average
Total loans and leases $ 174,993 $ 164,179 $ 198,414 $ 196,650 $ 11,913 $ 12,272 $ 385,320 $ 373,101
Total deposits 347,396 300,154 215,160 193,533 54,275 52,081 616,831 545,768
Year end
Total loans and leases $ 179,314 $ 173,013 $ 197,313 $ 194,529 $ 12,358 $ 11,791 $ 388,985 $ 379,333
Total deposits 348,798 316,214 234,887 209,792 57,523 52,152 641,208 578,158
Business Lending revenue decreased $698 million in 2025 compared to 2024primarily driven by lower net interest income.Global Transaction Services revenue increased $506 million in 2025 compared to2024 primarily driven by the benefit of higher average deposit balances and highertreasury service charges, partially offset by the impact of lower interest rates.Average loans and leases of $385.3 billion increased three percent in 2025compared to 2024 due to client demand. Average deposits of $616.8 billion increased13 percent in 2025 compared to 2024 due to growth in deposit balances from existingclients and the addition of new clients.
Global Investment BankingClient teams and product specialists underwrite and distribute debt, equity and loanproducts, and provide advisory services and tailored risk management solutions. Theeconomics of certain investment banking and underwriting activities are sharedprimarily between Global Banking and Global Markets under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Banking originates certain deal-related transactions withour corporate and commercial clients that are executed and distributed by GlobalMarkets. To provide a complete discussion of our
consolidated investment banking fees, the table below presents total Corporationinvestment banking fees and the portion attributable to Global Banking.
Investment Banking Fees
Global Banking Total Corporation
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
Products
Advisory $ 1,707 $ 1,504 $ 1,890 $ 1,690
Debt issuance 1,548 1,398 3,698 3,310
Equity issuance 487 551 1,259 1,354
Gross investment bankingfees 3,742 3,453 6,847 6,354
Self-led deals (69) (32) (217) (168)
Total investment bankingfees $ 3,673 $ 3,421 $ 6,630 $ 6,186
Total Corporation investment banking fees, which exclude self-led deals and areprimarily included within Global Banking and Global Markets, increased seven percentto $6.6 billion compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to higher debtissuance and advisory fees, partially offset by lower equity issuance fees.
Bank of America 42
Global Markets
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 % Change
Net interest income $ 5,690 $ 3,375 69 %
Noninterest income:
Investment and brokerage services 2,511 2,128 18
Investment banking fees 2,837 2,655 7
Market making and similar activities 12,064 12,778 (6)
All other income 994 876 13
Total noninterest income 18,406 18,437 —
Total revenue, net of interest expense 24,096 21,812 10
Provision for credit losses 71 (32) n/m
Noninterest expense 15,418 13,926 11
Income before income taxes 8,607 7,918 9
Income tax expense 2,496 2,296 9
Net income $ 6,111 $ 5,622 9
Effective tax rate 29.0 % 29.0 %
Efficiency ratio 63.99 63.85
Return on average allocated capital 13 12
Balance Sheet
Average
Trading-related assets:
Trading account securities $ 352,548 $ 324,065 9 %
Reverse repurchases 145,925 137,052 6
Securities borrowed 138,791 135,108 3
Derivative assets 40,699 37,795 8
Total trading-related assets 677,963 634,020 7
Total loans and leases 181,334 140,557 29
Total earning assets 806,901 710,604 14
Total assets 1,010,898 911,657 11
Total deposits 38,074 34,120 12
Allocated capital 49,000 45,500 8
Year end
Total trading-related assets $ 670,949 $ 580,557 16 %
Total loans and leases 202,733 157,450 29
Total earning assets 814,196 687,678 18
Total assets 1,032,858 876,548 18
Total deposits 40,614 38,848 5
n/m = not meaningful
Global Markets offers sales and trading services and research services to institutionalclients across fixed-income, credit, currency, commodity and equity businesses.Global Markets product coverage includes securities and derivative products in boththe primary and secondary markets. Global Markets provides market-making,financing, securities clearing, settlement and custody services globally to ourinstitutional investor clients in support of their investing and trading activities. We alsowork with our commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management productsusing interest rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreignexchange, fixed-income and mortgage-related products. As a result of our market-making activities in these products, we may be required to manage risk in a broadrange of financial products including government securities, equity and equity-linkedsecurities, high-grade and high-yield corporate debt securities, syndicated loans,MBS, commodities and asset-backed securities. The economics of certain investmentbanking and underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Markets andGlobal Banking under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Bankingoriginates certain deal-related transactions with our corporate and commercial clientsthat are executed and distributed by Global Markets. For information on
investment banking fees on a consolidated basis, see page 42.The following explanations for year-over-year changes in results for GlobalMarkets, including those disclosed under Sales and Trading Revenue, are the samefor amounts including and excluding net DVA. Amounts excluding net DVA are a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information on net DVA, see SupplementalFinancial Data on page 31.Net income for Global Markets increased $489 million to $6.1 billion. Net DVAlosses were $35 million compared to $113 million in 2024. Excluding net DVA, netincome increased $430 million to $6.1 billion. These increases were primarily drivenby higher revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.Revenue increased $2.3 billion to $24.1 billion primarily due to higher sales andtrading revenue, sales of certain leveraged finance positions and higher investmentbanking fees. Sales and trading revenue increased $2.1 billion, and excluding netDVA, increased $2.0 billion. These increases were driven by higher revenue inEquities and FICC. Noninterest expense increased $1.5 billion to $15.4 billionprimarily driven by higher revenue-related expenses and continued investments in thebusiness, including people and technology.
43 Bank of America
Average total assets increased $99.2 billion to $1.0 trillion, driven by loan growth,higher levels of inventory and increased financing activity. Year-end total assetsincreased $156.3 billion to $1.0 trillion driven by the same factors as average totalassets.The return on average allocated capital was 13 percent, up from 12 percent, due toan increase in net income, partially offset by higher allocated capital. For informationon capital allocated to the business segments, see Business Segment Operations onpage 36.
Sales and Trading RevenueSales and trading revenue includes unrealized and realized gains and losses ontrading and other assets that are included in market making and similar activities, netinterest income, and fees primarily from commissions on equity securities. Sales andtrading revenue is segregated into fixed-income (government debt obligations,investment and non-investment grade corporate debt obligations, commercial MBS,residential mortgage-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, interest rateand credit derivative contracts), currencies (interest rate and foreign exchangecontracts), commodities (primarily futures, forwards, swaps and options) and equities(equity-linked derivatives and cash equity activity). The following table and relateddiscussion present sales and trading revenue, substantially all of which is in GlobalMarkets, with the remainder in Global Banking. In addition, the following table andrelated discussion also present sales and trading revenue,
excluding net DVA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. For more information onnet DVA, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31.
Sales and Trading Revenue
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Sales and trading revenue
Fixed-income, currencies and commodities $ 12,267 $ 11,371
Equities 8,604 7,436
Total sales and trading revenue $ 20,871 $ 18,807
Sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA
Fixed-income, currencies and commodities $ 12,308 $ 11,468
Equities 8,598 7,452
Total sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA $ 20,906 $ 18,920
For more information on sales and trading revenue, see Note 3 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Includes FTE adjustments of $708 million and $890 million for 2025 and 2024.Includes Global Banking sales and trading revenue of $530 million and $677 million for 2025 and 2024.FICC and Equities sales and trading revenue, excluding net DVA, is a non-GAAP financial measure. FICC net DVA losseswere $41 million and $97 million for 2025 and 2024. Equities net DVA gains (losses) were $6 million and $(16) million for 2025and 2024.
Including and excluding net DVA, FICC revenue increased $896 million and $840million driven by improved trading performance in macro products. Including andexcluding net DVA, Equities revenue increased $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion driven byincreased client activity.
All Other
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 % Change
Net interest income $ (102) $ 22 n/m
Noninterest income (loss) (2,952) (3,472) (15)%
Total revenue, net of interest expense (3,054) (3,450) (11)
Provision for credit losses (23) (21) 10
Noninterest expense 575 1,688 (66)
Loss before income taxes (3,606) (5,117) (30)
Income tax benefit (3,296) (3,462) (5)
Net loss $ (310) $ (1,655) (81)
Balance Sheet
Average
Total loans and leases $ 7,639 $ 8,606 (11)%
Total assets 329,640 369,727 (11)
Total deposits 101,423 111,177 (9)
Year end
Total loans and leases $ 6,795 $ 8,177 (17)%
Total assets 269,329 341,509 (21)
Total deposits 90,785 103,871 (13)
In segments where the total of liabilities and equity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, we allocate assets from All Other to those segments to match liabilities (i.e., deposits) and allocated shareholders’ equity. Average allocated assetswere $990.6 billion and $956.5 billion for 2025 and 2024 and year-end allocated assets were $1.0 trillion and $980.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.n/m = not meaningful
All Other primarily consists of asset and liability management (ALM) activities,liquidating businesses and certain expenses not otherwise allocated to a businesssegment, and adjustments to allocate income tax benefits from tax-related equityinvestments to noninterest income to present Global Banking and Global Markets onan FTE basis. For more information, see Note 23 – Business Segment Information tothe Consolidated Financial Statements.The net loss in All Other decreased $1.3 billion to $310 million primarily due tolower noninterest expense and a lower loss in noninterest income, partially offset by alower income tax benefit.
The loss in noninterest income decreased $520 million primarily due to a reductionin the volume of tax-related equity investments and lower valuation losses on certainderivatives.Noninterest expense decreased $1.1 billion to $575 million primarily due to areduction in the Corporation’s accrual in 2025 for the FDIC special assessmentcompared to an increase in the accrual in 2024, and lower expenses related to aliquidating business activity.The income tax benefit decreased $166 million primarily due to a lower pretax loss.
(1, 2, 3)
(2)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 44
Managing RiskRisk is inherent in all our business activities. Sound risk management enables us toserve our customers and deliver for our shareholders. If not managed well, risk canresult in financial loss, regulatory sanctions and penalties, litigation, and damage toour reputation, each of which may adversely impact our ability to execute our businessstrategies. We take a comprehensive approach to risk management with a definedRisk Framework and an articulated Risk Appetite Statement, which are approvedannually by the Board’s Enterprise Risk Committee (ERC) and the Board.The seven key types of risk faced by the Corporation are strategic, credit, market,liquidity, compliance, operational and reputational.
● Strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition arising fromincorrect assumptions about external or internal factors, inappropriate businessplans, ineffective business strategy execution or failure to respond in a timelymanner to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environmentsin the geographic locations in which we operate.
● Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a borrower orcounterparty to meet its obligations.
● Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions adversely impact thevalue of assets or liabilities or otherwise negatively impact earnings. Market risk iscomposed of price risk and interest rate risk.
● Liquidity risk is the risk of the inability to meet expected or unexpected cash flowand collateral needs while continuing to support our businesses and customersunder a range of economic conditions.
● Compliance risk is the risk of legal action or regulatory sanctions, material financialloss or damage to the reputation of the Corporation arising from the failure of theCorporation to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules andregulations (LRRs) and our internal policies and procedures.
● Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internalprocesses or systems, people or external events.
● Reputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the Corporation maymaterially impact its financial condition.
The following sections address in more detail the specific procedures, measuresand analyses of the major categories of risk.As set forth in our Risk Framework, a culture of managing risk well is fundamentalto our values and our purpose, and how we drive Responsible Growth. It requires usto focus on risk in all activities and encourages the necessary mindset and behavior toenable effective risk management and promote sound risk-taking within our riskappetite. Sustaining a culture of managing risk well throughout the organization iscritical to the success of the Corporation and is a clear expectation of our executivemanagement team and the Board.Our Risk Framework serves as the foundation for the consistent and effectivemanagement of risks facing the Corporation. The Risk Framework sets forth roles andresponsibilities for the management of risk and provides a blueprint for how the Board,through delegation of authority to committees and executive officers, establishes riskappetite and associated limits for our activities.
Executive management assesses, with Board oversight, the risk-adjusted returnsof each business. Management reviews and approves the strategic and financialoperating plans, as well as the capital plan and Risk Appetite Statement, andrecommends them annually to the Board for approval. Our strategic plan takes intoconsideration return objectives and financial resources, which must align with riskcapacity and risk appetite. Management sets financial objectives for each business byallocating capital and setting a target for return on capital for each business. Capitalallocations are regularly evaluated as part of our overall governance processes as thebusinesses and the economic environment in which we operate continue to evolve.For more information regarding capital allocations, see Business Segment Operationson page 36.The Corporation’s risk appetite indicates the amount of capital, earnings or liquiditywe are willing to put at risk to achieve our strategic objectives and business plans,consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. It also provides a commonframework that includes a set of measures to assist senior management and theBoard in assessing the Corporation’s risk profile across all risk types against our riskappetite and risk capacity. Our risk appetite is formally articulated in the Risk AppetiteStatement, which includes both qualitative statements and quantitative limits.Our overall capacity to take risk is limited. Accordingly, we prioritize the risks wetake in order to maintain a strong and flexible financial position so we can weatherchallenging economic times and take advantage of organic growth opportunities whilecomplying with all applicable regulatory requirements. Therefore, we set objectivesand targets for capital and liquidity that permit us to continue to operate in a safe andsound manner at all times, including during periods of stress. We also maintain strongoperational risk management and operational resiliency capabilities so we can meetthe expectations of our customers and clients through a range of operating conditions.Our lines of business operate with risk limits that align with the Corporation’s riskappetite. Management is responsible for tracking and reporting performancemeasurements as well as any breaches or exceptions to risk appetite limits. TheBoard, and its committees when appropriate, oversee financial performance,execution of the strategic and financial operating plans, adherence to risk appetitelimits and the adequacy of internal controls.For a more detailed discussion of our risk management activities, see thediscussion below and pages 48 through 83.
Risk Management GovernanceThe Risk Framework describes delegations of authority whereby the Board and itscommittees may delegate authority to management-level committees or executiveofficers. Such delegations may authorize certain decision-making and approvalfunctions, which may be evidenced in documents such as committee charters, jobdescriptions, meeting minutes and resolutions.The chart below illustrates the interrelationship among the Board, Boardcommittees and management committees that have the majority of risk oversightresponsibilities for the Corporation.
45 Bank of America
Board of Directors and Board CommitteesThe Board is composed of 14 directors, all but one of whom are independent. TheBoard oversees management’s establishment of an effective Risk Framework andoversees compliance with safe and sound banking practices. In addition, the Boardand its committees make inquiries of, and receive reports from senior managementon, risk-related matters to assess scope or resource limitations that could impede theability of Global Risk Management (GRM) and/or Corporate Audit to execute theirresponsibilities. The Audit and Enterprise Risk Committees discussed below have theprincipal responsibility for enterprise-wide oversight of our risk management activities.Through these responsibilities, the Board and applicable committees are provided withinformation on our risk profile and oversee senior management addressing key riskswe face. Other Board committees, as described below, provide additional oversight ofspecific risks.The Audit and Enterprise Risk Committees regularly report to the Board on risk-related matters within the committees’ responsibilities, which are intended tocollectively provide the Board with integrated insight about the Corporation’s riskprofile and our management of enterprise-wide risks.
Audit CommitteeThe Audit Committee provides risk assessment and management oversight forcompliance risk pursuant to New York Stock Exchange listing standards and regularlyreceives updates from management on compliance risk-related matters. In addition,the Audit Committee oversees the qualifications, performance and independence ofthe Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, the performance of our CorporateAudit function, the integrity of our consolidated financial statements, our compliancewith legal and regulatory requirements, and makes inquiries of the Chief AuditExecutive (CAE) or other senior management to determine whether there are scopeor resource limitations that impede the ability of Corporate Audit to execute itsresponsibilities.
Enterprise Risk CommitteeThe ERC oversees the Corporation’s Risk Framework, risk appetite and seniormanagement’s identification, measurement, monitoring and control of key risks facingthe Corporation. The
ERC regularly receives risk management updates from management on key risks andselected risk topics, including emerging risks. The ERC also periodically reviews theadequacy of the resources of the Corporation’s independent GRM function. The ERCmay consult with other Board committees on risk-related matters such as the AuditCommittee for compliance risks.
Other Board CommitteesOur Corporate Governance Committee oversees corporate governance matters,including periodically reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on Boardsuccession planning and composition matters, conducting an annual review of theBoard’s performance and leading itself and the Board’s other committees in an annualassessment of their performance. The committee also oversees sustainability matters(other than human capital matters), including the Corporation’s public policyengagement, sustainability initiatives, charitable contributions, and communityreinvestment activities and performance.Our Compensation and Human Capital Committee oversees establishing,maintaining and administering our compensation programs and employee benefitplans, including approving and recommending our Chief Executive Officer’s (CEO)compensation to our Board for further approval by all independent directors; reviewingand approving our executive officers’ compensation, as well as compensation for non-management directors; and reviewing certain other human capital managementtopics.
Management CommitteesManagement committees receive their authority from the Board, a Board committee,or another management committee. Our primary management risk committee is theMRC. Subject to Board oversight, the MRC is responsible for management oversightof key risks facing the Corporation, including an integrated evaluation of risk, earnings,capital and liquidity.
Executive OfficersExecutive officers lead various functions representing the functional roles. Authority forfunctional roles may be delegated to executive officers from the Board, Boardcommittees or management-level committees. Executive officers, in turn, may furtherdelegate responsibilities, as appropriate, to management-level committees,management routines or
Bank of America 46
individuals. Executive officers review our activities for consistency with our RiskFramework, risk appetite, and applicable strategic, capital and financial operatingplans, as well as applicable policies and standards. Executive officers and otheremployees make decisions individually on a day-to-day basis, consistent with theauthority they have been delegated. Executive officers and other employees may alsoserve on committees and participate in committee decisions.
Lines of DefenseWe have clear ownership and accountability for managing risk across three lines ofdefense: Front Line Units (FLUs), GRM and Corporate Audit. We also have controlfunctions outside of FLUs and GRM (e.g., Legal and Public Policy, and Chief PeopleOrganization). The three lines of defense are integrated into our management-levelgovernance structure. Each of these functional roles is further described in thissection.
Front Line Units and Control FunctionsFLUs, which include the business segments and underlying businesses, as well as theorganizations that support technology and operations for the Corporation, areresponsible for appropriately assessing and effectively managing all of the risksassociated with their activities. Control functions provide guidance and subject matterexpertise on day-to-day activities affecting the Corporation, as well as by overseeingand managing risks that emanate from their own respective activities.
Global Risk ManagementGRM is part of our control functions and operates as our independent riskmanagement function. GRM, led by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), is responsible forindependently assessing and overseeing risks within FLUs and other controlfunctions. GRM establishes written enterprise policies and procedures outlining howaggregate risks are identified, measured, monitored and controlled.The CRO has the stature, authority and independence needed to develop andimplement a meaningful risk management framework and practices to guide theCorporation in managing risk. The CRO has unrestricted access to the Board andreports directly to both the ERC and the CEO. GRM is organized into horizontal riskteams that cover a specific risk area and vertical CRO teams that cover a particularFLU or control function. These teams work collaboratively in executing their respectiveduties.
Corporate AuditCorporate Audit and the CAE maintain their independence from the FLUs, GRM andother control functions by reporting directly to the Audit Committee. The CAEadministratively reports to the CEO. Corporate Audit provides independentassessment and validation through testing of key processes and controls across theCorporation. Corporate Audit includes Credit Review, which provides an independentassessment of credit lending decisions and the effectiveness of credit processesacross the Corporation’s credit platform through examinations and monitoring.
Risk Management ProcessesThe Risk Framework requires that strong risk management practices are integrated inkey strategic, capital and financial planning processes and in day-to-day businessprocesses across the Corporation, thereby ensuring risks are appropriatelyconsidered, evaluated and responded to in a timely manner. We employ an effectiverisk management process, referred to as
Identify, Measure, Monitor and Control, as part of our daily activities.
Identify – To be effectively managed, risks must be proactively identified and wellunderstood. Proper risk identification focuses on recognizing and understanding keyrisks inherent in our business activities or key risks that may arise from externalfactors. Each employee is expected to identify and escalate risks promptly. Riskidentification is an ongoing process that incorporates input from FLUs and controlfunctions. It is designed to be forward-looking and to capture relevant risk factorsacross all of our lines of business.Measure – Once a risk is identified, it must be prioritized and accurately measuredthrough a systematic process including qualitative statements and quantitativelimits. Risk is measured at various levels, including, but not limited to, risk type, FLUand legal entity, and also on an aggregate basis. This risk measurement processhelps to capture changes in our risk profile due to changes in strategic direction,concentrations, portfolio quality and the overall economic environment. Seniormanagement considers how risk exposures might evolve under a variety of stressscenarios.Monitor – We monitor risk levels regularly to track adherence to risk appetite, policiesand standards. We also regularly update risk assessments and review riskexposures. Through our monitoring, we know our level of risk relative to limits andcan take action in a timely manner. We also know when risk limits are breached andhave processes to appropriately report and escalate exceptions. This includestimely requests for approval to managers and alerts to executive management,management-level committees or the Board (directly or through an appropriatecommittee).Control – We establish and communicate risk limits and controls through policies,standards, procedures and processes. The limits and controls can be adjusted bysenior management or the Board when conditions or risk tolerances warrant. Theselimits may be absolute (e.g., loan amount, trading volume, operational loss) orrelative (e.g., percentage of loan book in higher-risk categories). Our FLUs are heldaccountable for performing within the established limits.
The formal processes used to manage risk represent a part of our overall riskmanagement process. We instill a strong and comprehensive culture of managing riskwell through communications, training, policies, procedures and organizational rolesand responsibilities. Establishing a culture reflective of our purpose to help make ourcustomers’ financial lives better and delivering on Responsible Growth is also criticalto effective risk management. We are committed to the highest principles of ethicaland professional conduct. Conduct risk is the risk of improper actions, behaviors orpractices by the Corporation, its employees or representatives that are illegal,unethical and/or contrary to our core values that could result in harm to theCorporation, our shareholders or our customers, damage the integrity of the financialmarkets, or negatively impact our reputation. We have established protocols andstructures so that conduct risk is governed and reported across the Corporationappropriately. All employees are held accountable for adhering to the Code ofConduct, operating within our risk appetite and managing risk in their daily businessactivities. In addition, our performance management and compensation practicesencourage responsible risk-taking that is consistent with our Risk Framework and riskappetite.
47 Bank of America
Corporation-wide Stress TestingIntegral to our Capital Planning, Financial Planning and Strategic Planning processes,we conduct capital scenario management and stress forecasting on a regular basis tobetter understand balance sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to a wide range ofeconomic and business scenarios, including economic and market conditions that aremore severe than anticipated. These stress forecasts provide an understanding of thepotential impacts from our risk profile on the balance sheet, earnings and capital, andserve as a key component of our capital and risk management practices. The intent ofstress testing is to develop a comprehensive understanding of potential impacts of on-and off-balance sheet risks at the Corporation and certain subsidiaries and how theyimpact financial resiliency, which provides confidence to management, regulators andour investors.
Contingency PlanningWe have developed and maintain comprehensive contingency plans that are designedto prepare us in advance to respond in the event of potential adverse economic,operational, financial or market stress conditions. These contingency plans include ourFinancial Contingency and Recovery Plan, which provides monitoring, escalation,actions and routines designed to enable us to increase capital and/or liquidity, accessfunding sources and reduce risk through consideration of potential options that includeasset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances, and other risk reducingstrategies at various levels of capital or liquidity depletion during a period of stress.We also maintain a Resolution Plan to limit adverse systemic impacts that could beassociated with a potential resolution of Bank of America.
Strategic Risk ManagementStrategic risk is embedded in every business and is one of the major risk categoriesalong with credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational and reputational risks. Thisrisk results from incorrect assumptions about external or internal factors, inappropriatebusiness plans, ineffective business strategy execution, or failure to respond in atimely manner to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitiveenvironments in the geographic locations in which we operate (e.g., competitoractions, changing customer preferences, product obsolescence and technologydevelopments).An aspect of strategic risk is the risk that the Corporation’s capital levels are notadequate to meet minimum regulatory requirements and support execution ofbusiness activities or absorb losses from risks during normal or adverse economic andmarket conditions. As such, capital risk is managed in parallel to strategic risk.We manage strategic risk through the Strategic Risk Enterprise Policy andintegration into the strategic planning process, among other activities. Our strategicplan is consistent with our risk appetite, capital plan and liquidity requirements, andspecifically addresses strategic risks impacting each business.On an annual basis, the Board reviews and approves the strategic plan, capitalplan, financial operating plan and Risk Appetite Statement. With oversight by theBoard, senior management directs the lines of business to execute our strategic planconsistent with our core operating principles and risk appetite. The executivemanagement team monitors business performance throughout the year and providesthe Board with regular progress reports on whether strategic objectives and timelinesare being met, including reports on strategic risks and if additional or alternativeactions need to be
considered or implemented. The regular executive reviews focus on assessingforecasted earnings and returns on capital, the current risk profile, current capital andliquidity positions and related requirements, staffing levels and changes required tosupport the strategic plan, stress testing results, and other qualitative factors such asmarket growth rates and peer analysis.Significant strategic actions, such as capital actions, material acquisitions ordivestitures, and resolution plans are reviewed and approved by the Board ordelegate. At the business level, processes are in place to discuss the strategic riskimplications of new, expanded or modified businesses, products or services,regulatory change and other strategic initiatives, and to provide formal review andapproval where required. With oversight by the Board and the ERC, executivemanagement performs similar analyses throughout the year, and evaluates changesto the financial forecast or the risk, capital or liquidity positions as deemed appropriateto balance and optimize achieving the targeted risk appetite, shareholder returns andmaintaining the targeted financial strength. Proprietary models are used to measurethe capital requirements for credit, country, market, operational and strategic risks.The allocated capital assigned to each business is based on its unique risk profile.With oversight by the Board, executive management assesses the risk-adjustedreturns of each business in approving strategic and financial operating plans. Thebusinesses use allocated capital to define business strategies, and price products andtransactions.
Capital ManagementThe Corporation manages its capital position so that its capital is more than adequateto support its business activities and aligns with risk, risk appetite and strategicplanning. Additionally, we seek to maintain safety and soundness at all times, evenunder adverse scenarios, take advantage of organic growth opportunities, meetobligations to creditors and counterparties, maintain ready access to financialmarkets, continue to serve as a credit intermediary, remain a source of strength forour subsidiaries, and satisfy current and future regulatory capital requirements. Capitalmanagement is integrated into our risk and governance processes, as capital is a keyconsideration in the development of our strategic plan, risk appetite and risk limits.We conduct an Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) on aperiodic basis. The ICAAP is a forward-looking assessment of our projected capitalneeds and resources, incorporating earnings, balance sheet and risk forecasts underbaseline and adverse economic and market conditions. We utilize periodic stress teststo assess the potential impacts to our balance sheet, earnings, regulatory capital andliquidity under a variety of stress scenarios. We perform qualitative risk assessmentsto identify and assess material risks not fully captured in our forecasts or stress tests.We assess the potential capital impacts of proposed changes to regulatory capitalrequirements. Management assesses ICAAP results and provides documentedquarterly assessments of the adequacy of our capital guidelines and capital position tothe Board or its committees.We periodically review capital allocated to our businesses and allocate capitalannually during the strategic and capital planning processes. For more information,see Business Segment Operations on page 36.
Bank of America 48
CCAR and Capital PlanningThe Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve) requireslarge BHCs to submit a capital plan and planned capital actions on an annual basis,consistent with the rules governing capital planning and the stress capital buffer (SCB)requirement, which include supervisory stress testing by the Federal Reserve. Basedon the results of our 2025 Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) stresstest under the current regulatory framework, our SCB is 2.5 percent, resulting in aCommon equity tier 1 (CET1) minimum requirement of 10.0 percent, effective October1, 2025. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s CET1 capital ratio was 11.4 percentunder the Standardized approach. As part of the Federal Reserve’s release of 2026hypothetical stress test scenarios, the Federal Reserve announced the Corporation’sSCB will remain 2.5 percent through September 30, 2027. For more information, seeRegulatory Developments in this section.On July 24, 2024, the Corporation announced the Board’s authorization of a $25billion common stock repurchase program, effective August 1, 2024 (2024Repurchase Program), which replaced the Corporation’s previous repurchaseprogram that expired on August 1, 2024. In addition, on July 23, 2025, the Corporationannounced the Board’s authorization of a $40 billion common stock repurchaseprogram, effective August 1, 2025, which replaced the 2024 Repurchase Program thatexpired on the same date. Pursuant to these Board-authorized repurchase programs,during 2025, the Corporation repurchased $21.4 billion of common stock. For moreinformation, see Part II, Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, RelatedStockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities on page 24.The timing and amount of common stock repurchases are subject to variousfactors, including the Corporation’s capital position, liquidity, financial performance andalternative uses of capital, stock trading price, regulatory requirements and generalmarket conditions, and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. Suchrepurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiatedtransactions, including repurchase plans that satisfy the conditions of Rule 10b5-1 ofthe Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act).Further, as part of our planned capital actions, during 2025, the Corporation paidcommon stock dividends of $8.1 billion.
Regulatory CapitalAs a BHC, we are subject to regulatory capital rules, including Basel 3, issued by U.S.banking regulators. Basel 3 established minimum capital ratios and bufferrequirements and outlined two methods of calculating risk-weighted assets (RWA), theStandardized approach and the Advanced approaches. The Standardized approachrelies primarily on supervisory risk weights based on exposure type, and theAdvanced approaches determine risk weights based on internal models.The Corporation's depository institution subsidiaries are also subject to the PromptCorrective Action (PCA) framework. The Corporation and its primary affiliated bankingentity, BANA, are Advanced approaches institutions under Basel 3 and are required toreport regulatory risk-based capital ratios and RWA under both the Standardized andAdvanced approaches. The lower of the capital ratios under Standardized orAdvanced approaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratiorequirements is used to assess capital adequacy, including under the PCA framework.As of December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s binding ratio was the Total capital ratiounder the Standardized approach.
Minimum Capital RequirementsIn order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus paymentsto executive officers, the Corporation must meet risk-based capital ratio requirementsthat include a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent (under the Advancedapproaches only), an SCB (under the Standardized approach only), plus anyapplicable countercyclical capital buffer and a global systemically important bank (G-SIB) surcharge. The buffers and surcharge must be comprised solely of CET1 capital.For the period from October 1, 2024 through September 30, 2025, the Corporation’sminimum CET1 ratio requirements were 10.7 percent under the Standardizedapproach and 10.0 percent under the Advanced approaches. Effective October 1,2025, the Corporation’s minimum CET1 requirement was 10.0 percent under both theStandardized approach and the Advanced approaches.The Corporation is required to calculate its G-SIB surcharge on an annual basisunder two methods and is subject to the higher of the resulting two surcharges.Method 1 is consistent with the approach prescribed by the Basel Committee onBanking Supervision’s assessment methodology and is calculated using specifiedindicators of systemic importance. Method 2 modifies the Method 1 approach forvarious factors. The Corporation’s Method 1 G-SIB surcharge is 1.5 percent, and itsMethod 2 G-SIB surcharge is 3.0 percent. On January 1, 2027, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge will increase by 50 bps to 2.0 percent under Method 1 and to 3.5percent under Method 2, which will increase the Corporation’s minimum capital ratiorequirements. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s CET1 capital ratio of 11.4percent under the Standardized approach exceeded its minimum CET1 capital ratiorequirement of 10.0 percent.At December 31, 2025, the Corporation was also required to maintain a minimumsupplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a leverage buffer of 2.0percent in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions and discretionarybonus payments to executive officers. Our insured depository institution subsidiarieswere required to maintain a minimum SLR of 6.0 percent to be considered wellcapitalized under the PCA framework. At December 31, 2025, both the Corporationand its insured depository institution subsidiaries exceeded their minimumsupplementary leverage requirements. Effective January 1, 2026, the minimum SLRrequirement for the Corporation and its insured depository institutions is 3.75 percent.For more information, see Regulatory Developments in this section. The numerator ofthe SLR is quarter-end Basel 3 Tier 1 capital. The denominator is total leverageexposure based on the daily average of the sum of on-balance sheet exposures lesspermitted deductions and the simple average of certain off-balance sheet exposures,as of the end of each month in a quarter.
Capital Composition and RatiosEffective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change itsaccounting methods related to certain tax-related equity investments and appliedthose changes retrospectively through a cumulative adjustment to retained earnings.For more information, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles tothe Consolidated Financial Statements. Under applicable bank regulatory rules, theCorporation is not required to, and accordingly, did not revise regulatory capitalinformation as of December 31, 2024.
49 Bank of America
Table 10 presents Bank of America Corporation’s capital ratios and related information in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024. For the periods presented herein, the Corporation met the definition of well capitalized under current regulatory requirements.
Table 10 Bank of America Corporation Regulatory Capital under Basel 3
StandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches RegulatoryMinimum
(Dollars in millions, except as noted) December 31, 2025
Risk-based capital metrics:
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 201,410 $ 201,410
Tier 1 capital 227,382 227,382
Total capital 261,232 250,347
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,773 1,570
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 11.4 % 12.8 % 10.0 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 12.8 14.5 11.5
Total capital ratio 14.7 15.9 13.5
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 3,348 $ 3,348
Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.8 % 6.8 % 4.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,986
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.7 % 5.0
December 31, 2024
Risk-based capital metrics:
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 201,083 $ 201,083
Tier 1 capital 223,458 223,458
Total capital 255,363 244,809
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,696 1,490
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 11.9 % 13.5 % 10.7 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 13.2 15.0 12.2
Total capital ratio 15.1 16.4 14.2
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 3,240 $ 3,240
Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.9 % 6.9 % 4.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,818
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.9 % 5.0
As of January 1, 2025, current expected credit losses (CECL) transition provision’s impact was fully phased-in. Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoptionof the CECL accounting standard on January 1, 2020.Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments and applied those changes retrospectively through cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. Under applicable bankregulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to revise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.The CET1 capital regulatory minimum is the sum of the CET1 capital ratio minimum of 4.5 percent, our G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent, and SCB (under the Standardized approach) of 2.5 percent at December 31, 2025 and 3.2 percent at December 31, 2024. Thecountercyclical capital buffer was zero for both periods. The SLR regulatory minimum includes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent.Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions.
At December 31, 2025, CET1 capital was $201.4 billion, an increase of $327million from December 31, 2024, primarily due to earnings, largely offset by capitaldistributions and, to a lesser extent, the impact of the tax-related equity investmentsaccounting changes. Tier 1 capital increased $3.9 billion driven by the same factors asCET1 capital as well as preferred stock issuances. Total capital under theStandardized approach increased $5.9 billion driven by the same factors as Tier 1
capital, as well as subordinated debt issuances and an increase in the adjustedallowance for credit losses included in Tier 2 capital. RWA under the Standardizedapproach, which drove the lower CET1 capital ratio at December 31, 2025, increased$77.2 billion during 2025 to $1,773 billion primarily driven by lending activity in GWIM,Global Banking and Global Markets. Supplementary leverage exposure atDecember 31, 2025 increased $167.7 billion primarily driven by increased activity inGlobal Markets.
(1, 2) (1, 2) (3)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 50
Table 11 shows the capital composition at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 11 Capital Composition under Basel 3
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Total common shareholders’ equity $ 277,251 $ 270,804
Impact of change in accounting method — 1,596
CECL transitional amount — 627
Goodwill, net of related deferred tax liabilities (68,651) (68,649)
Deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (8,761) (8,097)
Intangibles, other than mortgage servicing rights, net of related deferred tax liabilities (1,386) (1,440)
Defined benefit pension plan net assets (868) (786)
Cumulative unrealized net (gain) loss related to changes in fair value of financial liabilities attributable to own creditworthiness, net-of-tax 1,825 1,491
Accumulated net (gain) loss on certain cash flow hedges 2,020 5,629
Other (20) (92)
Common equity tier 1 capital 201,410 201,083
Qualifying preferred stock, net of issuance cost 25,991 22,391
Other (19) (16)
Tier 1 capital 227,382 223,458
Tier 2 capital instruments 19,627 18,592
Qualifying allowance for credit losses 14,431 13,558
Other (208) (245)
Total capital under the Standardized approach 261,232 255,363
Adjustment in qualifying allowance for credit losses under the Advanced approaches (10,885) (10,554)
Total capital under the Advanced approaches $ 250,347 $ 244,809
Represents the decrease in retained earnings due to the Corporation’s election to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments in the fourth quarter of 2025. Under applicable bank regulatory rules, the Corporation is not required torevise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.The qualifying allowance for credit losses under the Standardized approach and under the Advanced approaches include the impact of transition provisions related to the CECL accounting standard. As of January 1, 2025, CECL transition provision’s impact wasfully phased-in. December 31, 2024 includes 25 percent of the CECL transition provision’s impact as of December 31, 2021.Includes amounts in accumulated OCI related to the hedging of items that are not recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Table 12 shows the components of RWA as measured under Basel 3 at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 12 Risk-weighted Assets under Basel 3
StandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches StandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches
December 31
(Dollars in billions) 2025 2024
Credit risk $ 1,694 $ 1,087 $ 1,623 $ 1,015
Market risk 79 79 73 73
Operational risk n/a 357 n/a 359
Risks related to credit valuation adjustments n/a 47 n/a 43
Total risk-weighted assets $ 1,773 $ 1,570 $ 1,696 $ 1,490
Effective October 1, 2025, the Corporation elected to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments and applied those changes retrospectively. Under applicable bank regulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to revise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.n/a = not applicable
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(1)
51 Bank of America
Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory CapitalTable 13 presents regulatory capital information for BANA in accordance with Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured at December 31, 2025 and 2024.BANA met the definition of well capitalized under the PCA framework for both periods.
Table 13 Bank of America, N.A. Regulatory Capital under Basel 3
StandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches RegulatoryMinimum
(Dollars in millions, except as noted) December 31, 2025
Risk-based capital metrics:
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 190,831 $ 190,831
Tier 1 capital 190,831 190,831
Total capital 206,640 196,006
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,530 1,227
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 12.5 % 15.6 % 7.0 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 12.5 15.6 8.5
Total capital ratio 13.5 16.0 10.5
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 2,592 $ 2,592
Tier 1 leverage ratio 7.4 % 7.4 % 5.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,101
Supplementary leverage ratio 6.2 % 6.0
December 31, 2024
Risk-based capital metrics:
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 194,341 $ 194,341
Tier 1 capital 194,341 194,341
Total capital 209,256 198,923
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,444 1,151
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 13.5 % 16.9 % 7.0 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 13.5 16.9 8.5
Total capital ratio 14.5 17.3 10.5
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 2,546 $ 2,546
Tier 1 leverage ratio 7.6 % 7.6 % 5.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,015
Supplementary leverage ratio 6.4 % 6.0
As of January 1, 2025, CECL transition provision’s impact was fully phased-in. Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accountingstandard on January 1, 2020.Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments and applied those changes retrospectively through cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. Under applicable bankregulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to revise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.Risk-based capital regulatory minimums at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 are the minimum ratios under Basel 3 including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent. The regulatory minimums for the leverage ratios as of both period ends are the percentrequired to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions.
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity RequirementsTotal loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) consists of the Corporation’s Tier 1 capital andeligible long-term debt issued directly by the Corporation. Eligible long-term debt forTLAC ratios is comprised of unsecured debt that has a remaining maturity of at leastone year and satisfies additional requirements as prescribed in the TLAC final rule. Aswith the
risk-based capital ratios and SLR, the Corporation is required to maintain TLAC ratiosin excess of minimum requirements plus applicable buffers to avoid restrictions oncapital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. Table 14presents the Corporation's TLAC and long-term debt ratios and related information asof December 31, 2025 and 2024.
(1, 2) (1, 2) (3)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 52
Table 14 Bank of America Corporation Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity and Long-Term Debt
TLAC Regulatory Minimum Long-termDebt Regulatory Minimum
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Total eligible balance $ 466,728 $ 225,518
Percentage of risk-weighted assets 26.3 % 22.0 % 12.7 % 9.0 %
Percentage of supplementary leverage exposure 11.7 9.5 5.7 4.5
December 31, 2024
Total eligible balance $ 459,857 $ 220,666
Percentage of risk-weighted assets 27.1 % 22.0 % 13.0 % 9.0 %
Percentage of supplementary leverage exposure 12.0 9.5 5.8 4.5
As of January 1, 2025, CECL transition provision’s impact was fully phased-in. TLAC ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accountingstandard on January 1, 2020.The TLAC RWA regulatory minimum consists of 18.0 percent plus a TLAC RWA buffer comprised of 2.5 percent plus the Method 1 G-SIB surcharge of 1.5 percent. The countercyclical buffer is zero for both periods. The TLAC supplementary leverage exposureregulatory minimum consists of 7.5 percent plus a 2.0 percent TLAC leverage buffer. The TLAC RWA and leverage buffers must be comprised solely of CET1 capital and Tier 1 capital, respectively.The long-term debt RWA regulatory minimum is comprised of 6.0 percent plus the Corporation’s Method 2 G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent. The long-term debt leverage exposure regulatory minimum is 4.5 percent.The approach that yields the higher RWA is used to calculate TLAC and long-term debt ratios, which was the Standardized approach as of December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Regulatory DevelopmentsOn November 25, 2025, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency and FDIC issued a final rule that modified enhanced SLR requirements forbank holding companies and their insured depository institution subsidiaries, withcorresponding revisions to TLAC and long-term debt requirements. Under the finalrule, static buffer requirements have been replaced with a dynamic buffer requirementequal to 50 percent of the G-SIB’s Method 1 surcharge, with the buffer capped at onepercent for insured depository institutions. The Corporation elected to early adopt thefinal rule as of January 1, 2026, which decreased the regulatory minimum SLRrequirement to 3.75 percent from 5.0 percent for the Corporation, and to 3.75 percentfrom 6.0 percent for BANA as of the same date. For more information on theCorporation’s Method 1 and Method 2 G-SIB surcharge, see Minimum CapitalRequirements in this section.On October 24, 2025, the Federal Reserve issued two notices of proposedrulemaking (NPRs) related to its annual stress test. The first NPR requested commenton the hypothetical scenarios that will be used in the 2026 supervisory stress test. TheFederal Reserve released these scenarios on February 4, 2026. The second NPRrequests comment on the models the Federal Reserve uses to conduct thesupervisory stress test. This NPR also outlines proposed changes to the broaderstress testing framework and codifies an enhanced disclosure process under whichthe Federal Reserve would annually publish and invite public comment on stress testscenarios, models and material changes to those models.On April 17, 2025, the Federal Reserve issued an NPR to modify the capital planrule and SCB requirements. Under this NPR, results from the two most recent annualsupervisory stress tests would be averaged to determine the Corporation’s SCBrequirement. In addition, the annual effective date of the SCB requirement wouldchange from October 1st of the current year to January 1st of the following year,providing banks with additional time to comply with their new capital requirements.
Regulatory Capital and Securities RegulationThe Corporation’s principal U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are BofA Securities, Inc.(BofAS) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). TheCorporation's principal European subsidiaries undertaking broker-dealer activities areMerrill Lynch International (MLI) and BofA Securities Europe SA (BofASE).
The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the net capital requirements ofRule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act. BofAS computes its capital requirements as analternative net capital broker-dealer under Rule 15c3-1(a)(7) and Rule 15c3-1e, whichpermit the use of SEC-approved models, and MLPF&S computes its capitalrequirements in accordance with the alternative standard under Rule 15c3-1. BofAS isregistered as a futures commission merchant and is subject to Commodity FuturesTrading Commission (CFTC) Regulation 1.17. The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries arealso registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA).Pursuant to FINRA Rule 4110, FINRA may impose higher net capital requirementsthan Rule 15c3-1 under the Exchange Act with respect to each of the broker-dealers.BofAS provides institutional services, and in accordance with the alternative netcapital requirements, is required to regularly maintain tentative net capital in excess of$5.0 billion and net capital in excess of the greater of $1.0 billion or a certainpercentage of its reserve requirement in addition to a certain percentage of securities-based swap risk margin. BofAS must also notify the SEC in the event its tentative netcapital is less than $6.0 billion. BofAS is also required to hold a certain percentage ofits customers' and affiliates' risk-based margin in order to meet its CFTC minimum netcapital requirement. At December 31, 2025, BofAS had tentative net capital of $28.2billion. BofAS also had regulatory net capital of $23.0 billion, which exceeded theminimum requirement of $5.1 billion.MLPF&S provides retail services and is required to maintain net capital that is thegreater of $250,000 or two percent of a certain component of its reserve calculation.At December 31, 2025, MLPF&S' regulatory net capital was $8.1 billion, whichexceeded the minimum requirement of $175 million.Our European broker-dealers are subject to requirements from U.S. and non-U.S.regulators. MLI, a U.K. investment firm, is regulated by the Prudential RegulationAuthority and the Financial Conduct Authority and is subject to certain regulatorycapital requirements. At December 31, 2025, MLI’s capital resources were $33.4billion, which exceeded the minimum Pillar 1 requirement of $13.2 billion.BofASE, an authorized credit institution with its head office located in France, isregulated by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution and the Autorité desMarchés Financiers, and supervised under the Single Supervisory Mechanism by theEuropean Central Bank. At December 31, 2025, BofASE's capital resources were$11.8 billion, which exceeded the minimum Pillar 1 requirement of $4.0 billion.
(1) (2) (3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
53 Bank of America
In addition, MLI and BofASE remained conditionally registered with the SEC assecurity-based swap dealers, and maintained net liquid assets at December 31, 2025that exceeded the applicable minimum requirements under the Exchange Act. Theentities are also registered as swap dealers with the CFTC and met applicable capitalrequirements at December 31, 2025.
Liquidity Risk
Funding and Liquidity Risk ManagementOur primary liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpectedcash flow and collateral requirements, including payments under long-term debtagreements, commitments to extend credit and customer deposit withdrawals, whilecontinuing to support our businesses and customers under a range of economicconditions. To achieve that objective, we analyze and monitor our liquidity risk underexpected and stressed conditions, maintain liquidity and access to diverse fundingsources, including our stable deposit base, and seek to align liquidity-relatedincentives and risks. These liquidity risk management practices have allowed us toeffectively manage market fluctuations from the elevated interest rate environment,inflationary pressures and changes in the macroeconomic environment.We define liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash and high-quality,liquid, unencumbered securities that we can use to meet our contractual andcontingent financial obligations as they arise. We manage our liquidity positionthrough line of business and ALM activities, as well as through our legal entity fundingstrategy, on both a forward and current (including intraday) basis under both expectedand stressed conditions. We believe that a centralized approach to funding andliquidity management enhances our ability to monitor liquidity requirements,maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs and facilitates timelyresponses to liquidity events.We provide centralized funding and liquidity management through a variety ofactivities, including monitoring of established limits, assessing exposures under bothnormal and stressed conditions and reviewing liquidity risk management processesand controls. GRM provides oversight of liquidity management across theCorporation, including FLUs and legal entities. GRM oversees the liquidity riskmanagement governance structure, establishes liquidity risk policies, and providesindependent review and challenge of the Corporation's liquidity risk managementprocesses.The Board, its risk committee and various management committees oversee theCorporation’s liquidity activities and risk governance. The Board and/or ERC approveour liquidity risk policy, Financial Contingency and Recovery Plan and liquidity riskappetite limits. Management committees responsible for liquidity governance includethe Corporation’s Management Risk Committee, Asset and Liability GovernanceCommittee, Liquidity Risk Committee and Asset and Liability Management InvestmentCommittee. For more information, see Managing Risk on page 88. Under thisgovernance framework, we developed certain funding and liquidity risk managementpractices which include: maintaining liquidity at Bank of America Corporation (Parent)and selected subsidiaries, including our bank subsidiaries and
other regulated entities; determining what amounts of liquidity are appropriate forthese entities based on analysis of debt maturities and other potential cash outflows,including those that we may experience during stressed market conditions;diversifying funding sources, considering our asset profile and legal entity structure;and performing contingency planning.
NB Holdings CorporationBank of America Corporation, as the parent company (the Parent), which is a separateand distinct legal entity from our bank and nonbank subsidiaries, has an intercompanyarrangement with our wholly-owned holding company subsidiary, NB HoldingsCorporation (NB Holdings). We have transferred, and agreed to transfer, additionalParent assets not required to satisfy anticipated near-term expenditures to NBHoldings. The Parent is expected to continue to have access to the same flow ofdividends, interest and other amounts of cash necessary to service its debt, paydividends and perform other obligations as it would have had it not entered into thesearrangements and transferred any assets. These arrangements support our preferredsingle point of entry resolution strategy, under which only the Parent would beresolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.In consideration for the transfer of assets, NB Holdings issued a subordinated noteto the Parent in a principal amount equal to the value of the transferred assets. Theaggregate principal amount of the note will increase by the amount of any future assettransfers. NB Holdings also provided the Parent with a committed line of credit thatallows the Parent to draw funds necessary to service near-term cash needs. Thesearrangements support our preferred single point of entry resolution strategy, underwhich only the Parent would be resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Thesearrangements include provisions to terminate the line of credit, forgive thesubordinated note and require the Parent to transfer its remaining financial assets toNB Holdings if our projected liquidity resources deteriorate so severely that resolutionof the Parent becomes imminent.
Global Liquidity Sources and Other Unencumbered AssetsWe maintain liquidity available to the Corporation, including the Parent and selectedsubsidiaries, in the form of cash and high- quality, liquid, unencumbered securities.Our liquidity buffer, referred to as Global Liquidity Sources (GLS), is comprised ofassets that are readily available to the Parent and selected subsidiaries, includingholding company, bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries, even during stressed marketconditions. Our cash is primarily on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank and, to alesser extent, central banks outside of the U.S. We limit the composition of high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities to U.S. government securities, U.S. agencysecurities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities and other investment-gradesecurities, and a select group of non-U.S. government securities. We can obtain cashfor these securities, even in stressed conditions, through repurchase agreements oroutright sales. We hold our GLS in legal entities that allow us to meet the liquidityrequirements of our global businesses, and we consider the impact of potentialregulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions that could limit the transferability of fundsamong entities.
Bank of America 54
Table 15 presents average GLS for the three months ended December 31, 2025and 2024.
Table 15 Average Global Liquidity Sources
Three Months EndedDecember 31
(Dollars in billions) December 312025 December 312024
Bank entities $ 789 $ 777
Nonbank and other entities 186 176
Total Average Global Liquidity Sources $ 975 $ 953
Nonbank includes Parent, NB Holdings and other regulated entities.
Our bank subsidiaries’ liquidity is primarily driven by deposit and lending activity, aswell as securities valuation and net debt activity. Bank subsidiaries can also generateincremental liquidity by pledging a range of unencumbered loans and securities tocertain FHLBs and the Federal Reserve Discount Window. The cash we could haveobtained by borrowing against this pool of specifically-identified eligible assets was$343 billion and $328 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. We have establishedoperational procedures to enable us to borrow against these assets, includingregularly monitoring our total pool of eligible loans and securities collateral. Eligibility isdefined in guidelines from the FHLBs and the Federal Reserve and is subject tochange at their discretion. Due to regulatory restrictions, liquidity generated by thebank subsidiaries can generally be used only to fund obligations within the banksubsidiaries, and transfers to the Parent or nonbank subsidiaries may be subject toprior regulatory approval.Liquidity is also held in nonbank entities, including the Parent, NB Holdings andother regulated entities. The Parent and NB Holdings liquidity is typically in the form ofcash deposited at BANA, which is excluded from the liquidity at bank subsidiaries, andhigh-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. Liquidity held in other regulated entities,comprised primarily of broker-dealer subsidiaries, is primarily available to meet theobligations of that entity, and transfers to the Parent or to any other subsidiary may besubject to prior regulatory approval due to regulatory restrictions and minimumrequirements. Our other regulated entities also hold unencumbered investment-gradesecurities and equities that we believe could be used to generate additional liquidity.Table 16 presents the composition of average GLS for the three months endedDecember 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 16 Average Global Liquidity Sources Composition
Three Months EndedDecember 31
(Dollars in billions) December 312025 December 312024
Cash on deposit $ 227 $ 315
U.S. Treasury securities 371 313
U.S. agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, andother investment-grade securities 336 296
Non-U.S. government securities 41 29
Total Average Global Liquidity Sources $ 975 $ 953
Our GLS are substantially the same in composition to what qualifies as HighQuality Liquid Assets (HQLA) under the final U.S. Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR)rules. However, HQLA for purposes of calculating LCR is not reported at market value,but
at a lower value that incorporates regulatory deductions and the exclusion of excessliquidity held at certain subsidiaries. The LCR is calculated as the amount of afinancial institution’s unencumbered HQLA relative to the estimated net cash outflowsthe institution could encounter over a 30-day period of significant liquidity stress,expressed as a percentage. Our average consolidated HQLA, on a net basis, was$667 billion and $623 billion for the three months ended December 31, 2025 and2024. For the same periods, the average consolidated LCR was 112 percent and 113percent. Our LCR fluctuates due to normal business flows from customer activity.
Liquidity Stress AnalysisWe utilize liquidity stress analysis to assist us in determining the appropriate amountsof liquidity to maintain at the Parent and our subsidiaries to meet contractual andcontingent cash outflows under a range of scenarios. The scenarios we consider andutilize incorporate market-wide and Corporation-specific events, including potentialcredit rating downgrades for the Parent and our subsidiaries, and more severe eventsincluding potential resolution scenarios. The scenarios are based on our historicalexperience, experience of distressed and failed financial institutions, regulatoryguidance, and both expected and unexpected future events.The types of potential contractual and contingent cash outflows we consider in ourscenarios may include, but are not limited to, upcoming contractual maturities ofunsecured debt and reductions in new debt issuances; diminished access to securedfinancing markets; potential deposit withdrawals; increased draws on loancommitments, liquidity facilities and letters of credit; additional collateral thatcounterparties could call if our credit ratings were downgraded; collateral and marginrequirements arising from market value changes; and potential liquidity required tomaintain businesses and finance customer activities. Changes in certain marketfactors, including, but not limited to, credit rating downgrades, could negatively impactpotential contractual and contingent outflows and the related financial instruments,and in some cases these impacts could be material to our financial results.We consider all sources of funds that we could access during each stress scenarioand focus particularly on matching available sources with corresponding liquidityrequirements by legal entity. We also use the stress modeling results to manage ourasset and liability profile and establish limits and guidelines on certain funding sourcesand businesses.
Net Stable Funding RatioThe Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) is a liquidity requirement for large banks tomaintain a minimum level of stable funding over a one-year period. The requirement isintended to support the ability of banks to lend to households and businesses in bothnormal and adverse economic conditions and is complementary to the LCR, whichfocuses on short-term liquidity risks. The U.S. NSFR applies to the Corporation on aconsolidated basis and to our insured depository institutions. For both the threemonths ended September 30, 2025 and December 31, 2025, the averageconsolidated NSFR was 120 percent.
Diversified Funding SourcesWe fund our assets primarily with a mix of deposits, and secured and unsecuredliabilities through a centralized, globally coordinated funding approach diversifiedacross products, programs, markets, currencies and investor groups.
(1)
(1)
55 Bank of America
The primary benefits of our centralized funding approach include greater control,reduced funding costs, wider name recognition by investors and greater flexibility tomeet the variable funding requirements of subsidiaries. Where regulations, time zonedifferences or other business considerations make Parent funding impractical, certainother subsidiaries may issue their own debt.We fund a substantial portion of our lending activities through our deposits, whichwere $2.02 trillion and $1.97 trillion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Deposits areprimarily generated by our Consumer Banking, GWIM and Global Banking segments.These deposits are diversified by clients, product type and geography, and themajority of our U.S. deposits are insured by the FDIC.At December 31, 2025, 47 percent of our deposits were in Consumer Banking, 14percent in GWIM and 32 percent in Global Banking. As of the same period,approximately 70 percent of consumer and small business deposits and 81 percent ofU.S. deposits in Global Banking were held by clients who have had accounts with usfor 10 or more years. In addition, at December 31, 2025 and 2024, 26 percent and 27percent of our deposits were noninterest bearing and included operating accounts ofour consumer and commercial clients. During the three months ended December 31,2025 and 2024, rates paid on deposits were 55 bps and 64 bps in Consumer Banking,221 bps and 275 bps in GWIM, and 252 bps and 297 bps in Global Banking. Forinformation on annual rates paid on consolidated deposit balances, see Table 6 onpage 34.We consider a substantial portion of our deposit base to be a stable, low-cost andconsistent source of funding. We believe this deposit funding is generally lesssensitive to interest rate
changes, market volatility or changes in our credit ratings than wholesale fundingsources. Our lending activities may also be financed through secured borrowings,including credit card securitizations and securitizations with government-sponsoredenterprises (GSE), the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and private-labelinvestors, as well as FHLB loans.Our trading activities in other regulated entities are primarily funded on a securedbasis through securities lending and repurchase agreements, and these amounts willvary based on customer activity and market conditions. We believe funding theseactivities in the secured financing markets is more cost-efficient and less sensitive tochanges in our credit ratings than unsecured financing. Repurchase agreements aregenerally short-term and often overnight. Disruptions in secured financing markets forfinancial institutions have occurred in prior market cycles, which resulted in adversechanges in terms or significant reductions in the availability of such financing. Wemanage the liquidity risks arising from secured funding by sourcing funding globallyfrom a diverse group of counterparties, providing a range of securities collateral andpursuing longer durations, when appropriate. For more information on securedfinancing agreements, see Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-termBorrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Long-term DebtThe Corporation’s long-term debt largely consists of senior, senior structured,subordinated and junior subordinated notes issued by the Parent and/or BANA. Thefollowing table provides the carrying value of long-term debt at December 31, 2025.
Table 17 Long-term Debt
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Bank of America Corporation
Senior notes $ 187,569
Senior structured notes 20,369
Subordinated notes 25,428
Junior subordinated notes 750
Total Bank of America Corporation 234,116
Bank of America, N.A.
Senior notes 16,872
Subordinated notes 1,403
Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks 4,175
Securitizations and other bank VIEs 6,442
Other 600
Total Bank of America, N.A. 29,492
Other debt
Structured liabilities 53,803
Nonbank VIEs 405
Total other debt 54,208
Total $ 317,816
As of December 31, 2025, the par values of Bank of America’s senior notes, senior structured notes, subordinated notes and junior subordinated notes were $201.5 billion, $23.5 billion, $25.2 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the parvalues of BANA’s senior notes and subordinated notes were $16.9 billion and $1.2 billion. The par value of long-term debt is the nominal or face value of each instrument as of December 31, 2025, and except for senior structured notes, represents the amountowed at the maturity date. The senior structured notes include zero coupon notes, whose par value increases through maturity and have a current par of $10.0 billion, compared to $28.1 billion owed at maturity. The par value of long-term debt is used by regulatorsand rating agencies to calculate certain resolution metrics.Represents liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs) included in long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Total long-term debt increased $34.5 billion to $317.8 billion during 2025 primarilydue to debt issuances and valuation adjustments, partially offset by maturities andredemptions. We may, from time to time, purchase outstanding debt instruments invarious transactions, depending on market conditions, liquidity and other factors. Ourother regulated entities may also make markets in our debt instruments to provideliquidity for investors.
At December 31, 2025, Bank of America Corporation's senior notes of $187.6billion included $177.8 billion of outstanding notes, substantially all of which are bothTLAC eligible and callable at least one year before their stated maturities. Of thesesenior notes, $24.5 billion will be callable and become TLAC ineligible during 2026,and $27.4 billion, $28.1 billion, $8.4 billion and $21.7 billion will do so during each of2027 through 2030, respectively, and $67.7 billion thereafter.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 56
We issue long-term unsecured debt in a variety of maturities and currencies toachieve cost-efficient funding and to maintain an appropriate maturity profile. Whilethe cost and availability of unsecured funding may be negatively impacted by generalmarket conditions or by matters specific to the financial services industry or theCorporation, we seek to mitigate refinancing risk by actively managing the amount ofour borrowings that we anticipate will mature within any month or quarter. We mayissue unsecured debt in the form of structured notes for client purposes, certain ofwhich qualify as TLAC-eligible debt. During 2025, we issued $44.4 billion of structurednotes, which are debt obligations that pay investors returns linked to other debt orequity securities, indices, currencies or commodities. We typically hedge the returnswe are obligated to pay on these liabilities with derivatives and/or investments in theunderlying instruments, so that from a funding perspective, the cost is similar to ourother unsecured long-term debt. We could be required to settle certain structured noteobligations for cash or other securities prior to maturity under certain circumstances,which we consider for liquidity planning purposes. We believe, however, that a portionof such borrowings will remain outstanding beyond the earliest put or redemption date.Substantially all of our senior and subordinated debt obligations contain noprovisions that could trigger a requirement for an early repayment, require additionalcollateral support, result in changes to terms, accelerate maturity or create additionalfinancial obligations upon an adverse change in our credit ratings, financial ratios,earnings, cash flows or stock price. For more information on long-term debt funding,including issuances and maturities and redemptions, see Note 11 – Long-term Debt tothe Consolidated Financial Statements.We use derivative transactions to manage the duration, interest rate and currencyrisks of our borrowings, considering the characteristics of the assets they are funding.For more information on our ALM activities, see Interest Rate Risk Management forthe Banking Book on page 121.
Uninsured DepositsThe FDIC insures the Corporation’s U.S. deposits up to $250,000 per depositor, perinsured bank for each account ownership category, and various country-specific fundsinsure non-U.S. deposits up to specified limits. Deposits that exceed insurance limitsare uninsured. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s deposits totaled $2.02 trillion,of which total estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $723.0 billion and$134.9 billion. At December 31, 2024, the Corporation’s deposits totaled $1.97 trillion,of which total estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. deposits were $646.2 billion and$124.9 billion. Deposit balances exclude $11.9 billion and $16.9 billion of collateralreceived on certain derivative contracts that are netted against the derivative asset inthe Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Estimateduninsured deposits presented in this section reflect amounts disclosed in ourregulatory reports, adjusted to exclude related accrued interest and intercompanydeposit balances.The Corporation’s estimated uninsured deposits include time deposits. AtDecember 31, 2025, the Corporation’s time deposits totaled $212.5 billion, of whichestimated uninsured time deposits totaled $47.1 billion. Table 18 presents theCorporation’s estimated uninsured U.S. and non-U.S. time deposits by remainingmaturity. For more information on our liquidity sources, see Global Liquidity Sourcesand Other Unencumbered Assets, and for more information on deposits,
see Diversified Funding Sources in this section. For more information on contractualtime deposit maturities, see Note 9 – Deposits to the Consolidated FinancialStatements.
Table 18 Uninsured Time Deposits
December 31, 2025
(Dollars in millions) U.S. Non-U.S. Total
Uninsured time deposits with a maturity of:
3 months or less $ 14,364 $ 10,960 $ 25,324
Over 3 months through 6 months 8,243 499 8,742
Over 6 months through 12 months 7,937 1,005 8,942
Over 12 months 272 3,771 4,043
Total $ 30,816 $ 16,235 $ 47,051
Amounts are estimated based on the regulatory methodologies defined by each local jurisdiction.
Contingency PlanningWe maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential responses to liquiditystress events at various levels of severity. These policies and plans are based onstress scenarios and include potential funding strategies and communication andnotification procedures that we would implement in the event we experienced stressedliquidity conditions. We periodically review and test the contingency funding plans tovalidate efficacy and assess readiness.Our U.S. bank subsidiaries can access contingency funding through the FederalReserve Discount Window. Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries have access to central bankfacilities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. While we do not rely on thesesources in our liquidity modeling, we maintain the policies, procedures andgovernance processes that would enable us to access these sources if necessary.
Credit RatingsOur borrowing costs and ability to raise funds are impacted by our credit ratings. Inaddition, credit ratings may be important to customers or counterparties when wecompete in certain markets and when we seek to engage in certain transactions,including over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. Thus, it is our objective to maintain high-quality credit ratings, and management maintains an active dialogue with the majorrating agencies.Credit ratings and outlooks are opinions expressed by rating agencies on ourcreditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt,short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities, including assetsecuritizations. Our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies,and they consider a number of factors, including our own financial strength,performance, prospects and operations as well as factors not under our control. Therating agencies could make adjustments to our ratings at any time, and they provideno assurances that they will maintain our ratings at current levels.Other factors that influence our credit ratings include changes to the ratingagencies’ methodologies for our industry or certain security types; the rating agencies’assessment of the general operating environment for financial services companies;our relative positions in the markets in which we compete; our various risk exposuresand risk management policies and activities; pending litigation and othercontingencies or potential tail risks; our reputation; our liquidity position, diversity offunding sources and funding costs; the current and expected level and volatility of ourearnings; our capital position and capital management practices; our corporategovernance; the
(1)
(1)
57 Bank of America
sovereign credit ratings of the U.S. government; current or future regulatory andlegislative initiatives; and the agencies’ views on whether the U.S. government wouldprovide meaningful support to the Corporation or its subsidiaries in a crisis.The ratings and outlooks from Moody's Investors Service, Standard & Poor’sGlobal Ratings and Fitch Ratings for the Corporation did not change in 2025. On May19, 2025, Moody’s Investors Service downgraded its rating for the long-term senior
debt of BANA to Aa2 from Aa1, removing one notch of rating uplift for governmentsupport as a consequence of the agency’s downgrade of U.S. sovereign debt. Theratings and outlooks from Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings for theCorporation’s rated subsidiaries did not change in 2025.Table 19 presents the Corporation’s current long-term/short-term senior debtratings and outlooks expressed by the rating agencies.
Table 19 Senior Debt Ratings
Moody’s Investors Service Standard & Poor’s Global Ratings Fitch Ratings
Long-term Short-term Outlook Long-term Short-term Outlook Long-term Short-term Outlook
Bank of America Corporation A1 P-1 Stable A- A-2 Stable AA- F1+ Stable
Bank of America, N.A. Aa2 P-1 Stable A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
Bank of America Europe Designated ActivityCompany NR NR NR A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & SmithIncorporated NR NR NR A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
BofA Securities, Inc. NR NR NR A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
Merrill Lynch International NR NR NR A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
BofA Securities Europe SA NR NR NR A+ A-1 Stable AA F1+ Stable
NR = not rated
A reduction in certain of our credit ratings or the ratings of certain asset-backedsecuritizations may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, potential loss ofaccess to credit markets, the related cost of funds, our businesses and on certainrevenues, particularly in those businesses where counterparty creditworthiness iscritical. In addition, under the terms of certain OTC derivative contracts and othertrading agreements, in the event of downgrades of our or our rated subsidiaries’ creditratings, the counterparties to those agreements may require us to provide additionalcollateral, or to terminate these contracts or agreements, which could cause us tosustain losses and/or adversely impact our liquidity. If the short-term credit ratings ofour Parent, bank or broker-dealer subsidiaries were downgraded by one or morelevels, the potential loss of access to short-term funding sources such as repofinancing and the effect on our incremental cost of funds could be material.While certain potential impacts are contractual and quantifiable, the full scope ofthe consequences of a credit rating downgrade to a financial institution is inherentlyuncertain, as it depends upon numerous dynamic, complex and inter-related factorsand assumptions, including whether any downgrade of a company’s long-term creditratings precipitates downgrades to its short-term credit ratings, and assumptionsabout the potential behaviors of various customers, investors and counterparties. Formore information on potential impacts of credit rating downgrades, see Liquidity Risk –Liquidity Stress Analysis on page 55.For more information on additional collateral and termination payments that couldbe required in connection with certain over-the-counter derivative contracts and othertrading agreements in the event of a credit rating downgrade, see Note 3 – Derivativesto the Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 1A. Risk Factors.
Common Stock DividendsFor a summary of our declared quarterly cash dividends on common stock during2025 and through February 25, 2026, see Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity to theConsolidated Financial Statements.
Finance Subsidiary Issuers and Parent GuarantorBofA Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (BofA Finance), is aconsolidated finance subsidiary of the Corporation that has issued and sold, and isexpected to continue to issue and sell, its senior unsecured debt securities(Guaranteed Notes) that are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Corporation.The Corporation guarantees the due and punctual payment, on demand, of amountspayable on the Guaranteed Notes if not paid by BofA Finance. In addition, each ofBAC Capital Trust XIII, BAC Capital Trust XIV and BAC Capital Trust XV, Delawarestatutory trusts (collectively, the Trusts) is a 100 percent owned finance subsidiary ofthe Corporation that has issued and sold trust preferred securities (the Trust PreferredSecurities) or capital securities (the Capital Securities and, together with theGuaranteed Notes and the Trust Preferred Securities, the Guaranteed Securities), asapplicable, that remained outstanding at December 31, 2025. The Corporationguarantees the payment of amounts and distributions with respect to the TrustPreferred Securities and Capital Securities if not paid by the Trusts, to the extent offunds held by the Trusts. This guarantee, together with the Corporation’s otherobligations with respect to the Trust Preferred Securities and Capital Securities,effectively constitutes a full and unconditional guarantee of the Trusts’ paymentobligations on the Trust Preferred Securities or Capital Securities, as applicable. Noother subsidiary of the Corporation guarantees the Guaranteed Securities.BofA Finance and each of the Trusts are finance subsidiaries, have noindependent assets, revenues or operations and are dependent upon the Corporationand/or the Corporation’s other subsidiaries to meet their respective obligations underthe Guaranteed Securities in the ordinary course. If holders of the GuaranteedSecurities make claims on their Guaranteed Securities in a bankruptcy, resolution orsimilar proceeding, any recoveries on those claims will be limited to those availableunder the applicable guarantee by the Corporation, as described above.The Corporation is a holding company and depends upon its subsidiaries forliquidity. Applicable laws and regulations and intercompany arrangements entered intoin connection with the Corporation’s resolution plan could restrict the availability offunds from subsidiaries to the Corporation, which could
Bank of America 58
adversely affect the Corporation’s ability to make payments under its guarantees. Inaddition, the obligations of the Corporation under the guarantees of the GuaranteedSecurities will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of itssubsidiaries, and claimants should look only to assets of the Corporation forpayments. If the Corporation, as guarantor of the Guaranteed Notes, transfers all orsubstantially all of its assets to one or more direct or indirect majority-ownedsubsidiaries, under the indenture governing the Guaranteed Notes, the subsidiary orsubsidiaries will not be required to assume the Corporation’s obligations under itsguarantee of the Guaranteed Notes.For more information on factors that may affect payments to holders of theGuaranteed Securities, see Liquidity Risk – NB Holdings Corporation in this section,Item 1. Business – Insolvency and the Orderly Liquidation Authority on page 6 andItem 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity on page 6.
Representations and Warranties ObligationsFor information on representations and warranties obligations in connection with thesale of mortgage loans, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to theConsolidated Financial Statements.
Credit Risk ManagementCredit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a borrower orcounterparty to meet its obligations. Credit risk can also arise from operational failuresthat result in an erroneous advance, commitment or investment of funds. We definethe credit exposure to a borrower or counterparty as the loss potential arising from allproduct classifications including loans and leases, deposit overdrafts, derivatives,assets held-for-sale and unfunded lending commitments, which include loancommitments, letters of credit and financial guarantees. Derivative positions arerecorded at fair value, and assets held-for-sale are recorded at either fair value or thelower of cost or fair value. Certain loans and unfunded commitments are accountedfor under the fair value option. Credit risk for categories of assets carried at fair valueis not accounted for as part of the allowance for credit losses but as part of the fairvalue adjustments recorded in earnings. For derivative positions, our credit risk ismeasured as the net cost in the event the counterparties with contracts in which weare in a gain position fail to perform under the terms of those contracts. We use thecurrent fair value to represent credit exposure without giving consideration to futuremark-to-market changes. The credit risk amounts take into consideration the effects oflegally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral. Our consumer andcommercial credit extension and review procedures encompass funded and unfundedcredit exposures. For more information on derivatives and credit extensioncommitments, see Note 3 – Derivatives and Note 12 – Commitments andContingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements.We manage credit risk based on the risk profile of the borrower or counterparty,repayment sources, the nature of underlying collateral and other support given currentevents, conditions and expectations. We classify our portfolios as either consumer orcommercial and monitor credit risk in each as discussed below.We refine our underwriting and credit risk management practices as well as creditstandards to meet the changing economic environment. To mitigate losses andenhance customer support in our consumer businesses, we have in place collectionprograms and loan modification and customer
assistance infrastructures. We utilize a number of actions to mitigate losses in thecommercial businesses including increasing the frequency and intensity of portfoliomonitoring, hedging activity and our practice of transferring management ofdeteriorating commercial exposures to independent special asset officers as creditsenter criticized categories.As part of our credit risk management, we also monitor and assess transverserisks such as climate risk, which includes physical risk and transition risk. Physicalrisks related to severe weather events can increase credit risk, including bydiminishing borrowers’ repayment capacity or collateral values. Transition risks relatedto transitioning to a lower carbon economy can amplify credit risks through thefinancial impacts of changes in policy, technology or the market on our counterparties.For more information on the Corporation’s climate-related risks, see the Credit andOther sections within Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.For information on our credit risk management activities, see the following:Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk Management on page 59, Commercial Portfolio CreditRisk Management on page 64, Non-U.S. Portfolio on page 70, Allowance for CreditLosses on page 73, Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for CreditLosses to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For information on theCorporation’s loan modification programs, see Note 5 – Outstanding Loans andLeases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements.For more information on the Corporation’s credit risks, see the Credit section withinItem 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.During 2025, our net charge-off ratio decreased seven bps compared to the sameperiod in 2024 primarily driven by lower commercial real estate office charge-offs.Commercial reservable criticized exposure decreased $1.7 billion, and nonperformingloans decreased $171 million compared to December 31, 2024 driven by thecommercial real estate portfolio. Ongoing uncertainty surrounding international tradepolicies, persistent inflationary pressures, interest rates and ongoing geopoliticaltensions continue to weigh on the broader economic outlook. These factors have beenassessed for any impacts to the portfolio and may contribute to future deterioration incredit quality metrics as they evolve. For more information on risks related tomacroeconomic conditions and political activity, see Item 1A. Risk Factors beginningon page 8.
Consumer Portfolio Credit Risk ManagementCredit risk management for the consumer portfolio begins with initial underwriting andcontinues throughout a borrower’s credit cycle. Statistical techniques in conjunctionwith experiential judgment are used in all aspects of portfolio management includingunderwriting, product pricing, risk appetite, setting credit limits, and establishingoperating processes and metrics to quantify and balance risks and returns. Statisticalmodels are built using detailed behavioral information from external sources, such ascredit bureaus, and/or internal historical experience and are a component of ourconsumer credit risk management process. These models are used in part to assist inmaking both new and ongoing credit decisions as well as portfolio managementstrategies, including authorizations and line management, collection practices andstrategies, and determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and allocatedcapital for credit risk.
Consumer Credit PortfolioDuring 2025, the U.S. unemployment rate and home prices remained relatively stable.Net charge-offs decreased $90
59 Bank of America
million to $4.1 billion in 2025, primarily driven by the other consumer and credit cardportfolios.The consumer allowance for loan and lease losses decreased $190 million to $8.4billion from 2024. For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page 73.For more information on our accounting policies regarding delinquencies,nonperforming status, charge-offs and loan
modifications for the consumer portfolio, see Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance forCredit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Table 20 presents our outstanding consumer loans and leases, consumernonperforming loans and accruing consumer loans past due 90 days or more.
Table 20 Consumer Credit Quality
Outstandings Nonperforming Accruing Past Due90 Days or More
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Residential mortgage $ 236,302 $ 228,199 $ 2,008 $ 2,052 $ 207 $ 229
Home equity 26,823 25,737 392 409 — —
Credit card 106,027 103,566 n/a n/a 1,351 1,401
Direct/Indirect consumer 114,130 107,122 176 186 5 1
Other consumer 144 151 — — — —
Consumer loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option$ 483,426 $ 464,775 $ 2,576 $ 2,647 $ 1,563 $ 1,631
Loans accounted for under the fair value option 165 221
Total consumer loans and leases $ 483,591 $ 464,996
Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases n/a n/a 0.53 % 0.57 % 0.32 % 0.35 %
Percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases, excluding fully-insuredloan portfolios n/a n/a 0.54 0.58 0.29 0.31
Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, residential mortgage included $104 million and $119 million of loans on which interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were nolonger accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $103 million and $110 million of loans on which interest was still accruing.Outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $55.3 billion and $54.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $55.0 billion and $48.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and non-U.S. consumer loans of $3.0 billion and$2.8 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.For more information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Excludes consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, loans accounted for under the fair value option that were past due 90 days or more and not accruing interest were insignificant.n/a = not applicable
Table 21 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for consumer loans and leases.
Table 21 Consumer Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios
Net Charge-offs Net Charge-off Ratios
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
Residential mortgage $ (1) $ — — % — %
Home equity (41) (41) (0.16) (0.16)
Credit card 3,717 3,745 3.68 3.75
Direct/Indirect consumer 235 239 0.21 0.23
Other consumer 238 295 n/m n/m
Total $ 4,148 $ 4,238 0.88 0.93
Negative numbers represent net recoveries. Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases, excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.n/m = not meaningful
We believe that the presentation of information adjusted to exclude the impact ofthe fully-insured loan portfolio and loans accounted for under the fair value option ismore representative of the ongoing operations and credit quality of the business. As aresult, in the following tables and discussions of the residential mortgage and homeequity portfolios, we exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option andprovide information that excludes the impact of the fully-insured loan portfolio incertain credit quality statistics.
Residential MortgageThe residential mortgage portfolio made up the largest percentage of our consumerloan portfolio at 49 percent of consumer loans and leases in 2025. Approximately 49percent of the residential mortgage portfolio was in Consumer Banking, 47 percentwas in GWIM and the remaining portion was in Global Markets and All Other.
Outstanding balances in the residential mortgage portfolio increased $8.1 billion in2025 primarily due to a loan portfolio acquisition in the first quarter of 2025.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the residential mortgage portfolio included $9.1billion and $9.9 billion of outstanding fully-insured loans, of which $1.9 billion and $2.0billion had FHA insurance, with the remainder protected by Fannie Mae long-termstandby agreements.Table 22 presents certain residential mortgage key credit statistics on both areported basis and excluding the fully-insured loan portfolio. The following discussionpresents the residential mortgage portfolio excluding the fully-insured loan portfolio.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1) (1)
(1)
Bank of America 60
Table 22 Residential Mortgage – Key Credit Statistics
Reported Basis Excluding Fully-insured Loans
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
Outstandings $ 236,302 $ 228,199 $ 227,227 $ 218,287
Accruing past due 30 days or more 1,609 1,494 1,159 1,007
Accruing past due 90 days or more 207 229 — —
Nonperforming loans 2,008 2,052 2,008 2,052
Percent of portfolio
Refreshed LTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100 1% 1 % 1% 1 %
Refreshed LTV greater than 100 1 — 1 —
Refreshed FICO below 620 2 1 1 1
Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.Includes loans that are contractually current that have not yet demonstrated a sustained period of payment performance following a modification.
Nonperforming outstanding balances in the residential mortgage portfoliodecreased $44 million to $2.0 billion in 2025. Of the nonperforming residentialmortgage loans at December 31, 2025, $1.2 billion, or 60 percent, were current oncontractual payments. Excluding fully-insured loans, loans accruing past due 30 daysor more increased $152 million to $1.2 billion in 2025.Of the $227.2 billion in total residential mortgage loans outstanding atDecember 31, 2025, $65.5 billion, or 29 percent, of loans were originated as interest-only. The outstanding balance of interest-only residential mortgage loans that hadentered the amortization period was $3.6 billion, or six percent, at December 31,2025. Residential mortgage loans that have entered the amortization period generallyexperience a higher rate of early stage delinquencies and nonperforming statuscompared to the residential mortgage portfolio as a whole. At December 31, 2025, $43million, or one percent, of outstanding interest-only residential mortgages that hadentered the amortization period were accruing past due 30 days or more compared to$1.2 billion, or less than one percent, for the
entire residential mortgage portfolio. In addition, at December 31, 2025, $150 million,or four percent, of outstanding interest-only residential mortgage loans that hadentered the amortization period were nonperforming, of which $48 million werecontractually current. Loans that have yet to enter the amortization period in ourinterest-only residential mortgage portfolio are primarily well-collateralized loans to ourwealth management clients and have an interest-only period of three years to 10years. Substantially all of these loans that have yet to enter the amortization periodwill not be required to make a fully-amortizing payment until 2027 or later.Table 23 presents outstandings, nonperforming loans and net charge-offs bycertain state concentrations for the residential mortgage portfolio. In the New Yorkarea, the New York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island Metropolitan Statistical Area(MSA) made up 15 percent of outstandings at both December 31, 2025 and 2024. TheLos Angeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana MSA within California represented 14 percent ofoutstandings at both December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 23 Residential Mortgage State Concentrations
Outstandings Nonperforming
December 31 Net Charge-offs
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
California $ 82,719 $ 81,729 $ 601 $ 602 $ (5) $ 1
New York 25,927 25,827 277 318 1 2
Florida 16,696 15,715 139 142 — (4)
Massachusetts 9,674 7,926 51 43 — —
New Jersey 9,474 8,568 83 88 — (2)
Other 82,737 78,522 857 859 3 3
Residential mortgage loans $ 227,227 $ 218,287 $ 2,008 $ 2,052 $ (1) $ —
Fully-insured loan portfolio 9,075 9,912
Total residential mortgage loan portfolio $ 236,302 $ 228,199
Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.Negative numbers represent net recoveries
Home EquityAt December 31, 2025, the home equity portfolio made up six percent of theconsumer portfolio and was comprised of home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), homeequity loans and reverse mortgages. HELOCs generally have an initial draw period of10 years, and after the initial draw period ends, the loans generally convert to 15- or20-year amortizing loans. We no longer originate home equity loans or reversemortgages.At December 31, 2025, 85 percent of the home equity portfolio was in ConsumerBanking, 11 percent was in GWIM and the remainder of the portfolio was in All Other.Outstanding balances in the home equity portfolio increased $1.1 billion in
2025 primarily due to draws on existing lines and new originations outpacingpaydowns. Of the total home equity portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024, $8.9billion and $9.2 billion, or 33 percent and 36 percent, were in first-lien positions. AtDecember 31, 2025, outstanding balances in the home equity portfolio that were in asecond-lien or more junior-lien position and where we also held the first-lien loantotaled $4.8 billion, or 18 percent, of our total home equity portfolio.Unused HELOCs totaled $43.1 billion and $44.3 billion at December 31, 2025 and2024. The HELOC utilization rate was 38 percent and 36 percent at December 31,2025 and 2024.
(1) (1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1) (1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
61 Bank of America
Table 24 presents certain home equity portfolio key credit statistics.
Table 24 Home Equity – Key Credit Statistics
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Outstandings $ 26,823 $ 25,737
Accruing past due 30 days or more 87 84
Nonperforming loans 392 409
Percent of portfolio
Refreshed CLTV greater than 90 but less than or equal to 100 —% — %
Refreshed CLTV greater than 100 — —
Refreshed FICO below 620 3 2
Outstandings, accruing past due, nonperforming loans and percentages of the portfolio exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.Includes loans that are contractually current that have not yet demonstrated a sustained period of payment performance following a modification.
Nonperforming outstanding balances in the home equity portfolio decreased $17million to $392 million at December 31, 2025. Of the nonperforming home equity loansat December 31, 2025, $238 million, or 61 percent, were current on contractualpayments. In addition, $82 million, or 21 percent, were 180 days or more past due andhad been written down to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less costs to sell.Accruing loans that were 30 days or more past due remained relatively unchanged in2025 compared to 2024.Of the $26.8 billion in total home equity portfolio outstandings at December 31,2025, as shown in Table 24, eight percent require interest-only payments. Theoutstanding balance of HELOCs that had reached the end of their draw period andentered the amortization period was $3.1 billion at December 31, 2025. The HELOCsthat have entered the amortization period have experienced a higher percentage ofearly stage delinquencies and nonperforming status when compared to the HELOCportfolio as a whole. At December 31, 2025, $26 million, or one percent, ofoutstanding HELOCs that
had entered the amortization period were accruing past due 30 days or more. Inaddition, at December 31, 2025, $217 million, or seven percent, were nonperforming.For our interest-only HELOC portfolio, we do not actively track how many of ourhome equity customers pay only the minimum amount due on their home equity loansand lines; however, we can infer some of this information through a review of ourHELOC portfolio that we service and is still in its revolving period. During 2025, 13percent of these customers with an outstanding balance did not pay any principal ontheir HELOCs.Table 25 presents outstandings, nonperforming balances and net recoveries bycertain state concentrations for the home equity portfolio. In the New York area, theNew York-Northern New Jersey-Long Island MSA made up 10 percent and 11 percentof the outstanding home equity portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The LosAngeles-Long Beach-Santa Ana MSA within California made up 10 percent and 11percent of the outstanding home equity portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 25 Home Equity State Concentrations
Outstandings Nonperforming
December 31 Net Charge-offs
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
California $ 7,219 $ 7,038 $ 108 $ 102 $ (8) $ (8)
Florida 2,588 2,542 43 47 (4) (7)
New Jersey 1,871 1,817 27 34 (4) (5)
Texas 1,674 1,521 17 17 1 1
New York 1,421 1,447 55 62 (6) (4)
Other 12,050 11,372 142 147 (20) (18)
Total home equity loan portfolio $ 26,823 $ 25,737 $ 392 $ 409 $ (41) $ (41)
Outstandings and nonperforming loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.Negative numbers represent net recoveries
Credit CardAt December 31, 2025, 96 percent of the credit card portfolio was managed inConsumer Banking with the remainder in GWIM. Outstandings in the credit cardportfolio increased $2.5 billion during 2025 to $106.0 billion driven by purchasevolume growth and card transfer demand. Net charge-offs remained relativelyunchanged in 2025 at $3.7 billion. Credit card loans 30 days or
more past due decreased $34 million, and 90 days or more past due decreased $50million at December 31, 2025.Unused lines of credit for credit card increased to $417.6 billion at December 31,2025 from $398.7 billion at December 31, 2024.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1) (1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 62
Table 26 presents certain state concentrations for the credit card portfolio.
Table 26 Credit Card State Concentrations
Outstandings Past Due90 Days or More
December 31 Net Charge-offs
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
California $ 17,664 $ 17,289 $ 241 $ 253 $ 709 $ 694
Florida 11,169 10,794 192 199 516 518
Texas 9,403 9,121 142 142 367 369
Washington 5,853 5,586 47 46 123 121
New York 5,822 5,765 80 84 223 238
Other 56,116 55,011 649 677 1,779 1,805
Total credit card portfolio $ 106,027 $ 103,566 $ 1,351 $ 1,401 $ 3,717 $ 3,745
Direct/Indirect ConsumerAt December 31, 2025, 49 percent of the direct/indirect portfolio was included inConsumer Banking (consumer auto and recreational vehicle lending) and 51 percentwas included in GWIM (principally securities-based lending loans). Outstandings
in the direct/indirect portfolio increased $7.0 billion in 2025 to $114.1 billion driven byincreases in securities-based lending.Table 27 presents certain state concentrations for the direct/indirect consumer loanportfolio.
Table 27 Direct/Indirect State Concentrations
Outstandings Nonperforming
December 31 Net Charge-offs
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
California $ 17,247 $ 16,017 $ 44 $ 38 $ 64 $ 58
Florida 15,127 14,573 20 23 28 33
Texas 11,051 10,164 17 18 28 33
New York 8,019 7,820 10 15 13 15
New Jersey 4,740 4,429 6 7 5 8
Other 57,946 54,119 79 85 97 92
Total direct/indirect loan portfolio $ 114,130 $ 107,122 $ 176 $ 186 $ 235 $ 239
Other ConsumerOther consumer primarily consists of deposit overdraft balances. Net charge-offsdecreased $57 million in 2025 to $238 million, primarily driven by lower overdraftlosses.
Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed PropertiesActivityTable 28 presents nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed propertiesactivity during 2025 and 2024. During 2025, nonperforming consumer loans of $2.6billion decreased $71 million.
At December 31, 2025, $450 million, or 17 percent, of nonperforming loans were180 days or more past due and had been written down to their estimated propertyvalue less costs to sell. In addition, at December 31, 2025, $1.5 billion, or 58 percent,of nonperforming consumer loans were current and classified as nonperforming loansin accordance with applicable policies.Foreclosed properties was $90 million in 2025, relatively unchanged from 2024.
Table 28 Nonperforming Consumer Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Nonperforming loans and leases, January 1 $ 2,647 $ 2,712
Additions 1,053 969
Reductions:
Paydowns and payoffs (483) (479)
Sales (3) (5)
Returns to performing status (578) (489)
Charge-offs (33) (32)
Transfers to foreclosed properties (27) (29)
Total net reductions to nonperforming loans and leases (71) (65)
Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31 2,576 2,647
Foreclosed properties, December 31 90 89
Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31 $ 2,666 $ 2,736
Nonperforming consumer loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans and leases 0.53 % 0.58 %
Nonperforming consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding consumer loans, leases and foreclosed properties 0.55 0.60
Consumer loans may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, or when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process of collection.Includes repossessed non-real estate assets of $31 million and $29 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Outstanding consumer loans and leases exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
63 Bank of America
Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk ManagementCredit risk management for the commercial portfolio begins with an assessment of thecredit risk profile of the borrower or counterparty based on an analysis of its financialposition. As part of the overall credit risk assessment, our commercial creditexposures are assigned a risk rating and are subject to approval based on definedcredit approval standards. Subsequent to loan origination, risk ratings are monitoredon an ongoing basis, and if necessary, adjusted to reflect changes in the financialcondition, cash flow, risk profile or outlook of a borrower or counterparty. In makingcredit decisions, we consider risk rating, collateral, country, industry and single-nameconcentration limits while also balancing these considerations with the total borroweror counterparty relationship. We use a variety of tools to continuously monitor theability of a borrower or counterparty to perform under its obligations. We use riskrating aggregations to measure and evaluate concentrations within portfolios. Inaddition, risk ratings are a factor in determining the level of allocated capital and theallowance for credit losses.As part of our ongoing risk mitigation initiatives, we attempt to work with clientsexperiencing financial difficulty to modify their loans to terms that better align with theircurrent ability to pay. For more information on our accounting policies regardingdelinquencies, nonperforming status and net charge-offs for the commercial portfolio,see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements.
Management of Commercial Credit Risk ConcentrationsCommercial credit risk is evaluated and managed with the goal that concentrations ofcredit exposure continue to be aligned with our risk appetite. We review, measure andmanage concentrations of credit exposure by industry, product, geography, customerrelationship and loan size. We also review, measure and manage commercial realestate loans by geographic location and property type. In addition, within our non-U.S.portfolio, we evaluate exposures by region and by country. Tables 33, 35 and 38summarize our concentrations. We also utilize syndications of exposure to thirdparties, loan sales, hedging and other risk mitigation techniques to manage the sizeand risk profile of the commercial credit portfolio. For more information on our industryconcentrations, see Table 35 and Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management –Industry Concentrations on page 68.We account for certain large corporate loans and loan commitments, includingissued but unfunded letters of credit which are considered utilized for credit riskmanagement purposes, that exceed our single-name credit risk concentrationguidelines under the fair value option. Lending commitments, both funded andunfunded, are actively managed and monitored, and as appropriate, credit risk forthese lending relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, withour credit view and market perspectives determining the size and timing of thehedging activity. In addition, we purchase credit protection to cover the funded portionas well as the unfunded portion of certain other credit exposures. To lessen the cost ofobtaining our desired credit
protection levels, credit exposure may be added within an industry, borrower orcounterparty group by selling protection. These credit derivatives do not meet therequirements for treatment as accounting hedges. They are carried at fair value withchanges in fair value recorded in other income.In addition, we are a member of various securities and derivative exchanges andclearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other countries. As a member, we may berequired to pay a pro-rata share of the losses incurred by some of these organizationsas a result of another member default and under other loss scenarios. For moreinformation, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements.
Commercial Credit PortfolioOutstanding commercial loans and leases increased $71.3 billion during 2025 due togrowth in U.S. and Non-U.S. commercial, primarily in Global Markets and GWIM.During 2025, commercial credit quality improved, as the reservable criticized utilizedexposure rate improved to 3.37 percent as of December 31, 2025 from 4.01 percentas of December 31, 2024. Nonperforming commercial loans decreased $100 millionduring 2025 primarily due to commercial real estate. Commercial net charge-offsdecreased $310 million to $1.5 billion during 2025 primarily due to lower charge-offs inthe commercial real estate office portfolio.With the exception of the office property type, which is further discussed in theCommercial Real Estate section herein, credit quality of commercial borrowers hasremained relatively stable since December 31, 2024; however, we are closelymonitoring emerging trends, including ongoing negotiations and developmentsregarding tariffs and international trade policies, as well as borrower performance inthe current environment. Recent demand for office space continues to be stagnant,and future demand for office space continues to be uncertain as companies evaluatespace needs with employment models that utilize a mix of remote and conventionaloffice use.The commercial allowance for loan and lease losses increased $153 million during2025 to $4.8 billion. For more information, see Allowance for Credit Losses on page73.Total commercial utilized credit exposure increased $68.9 billion during 2025 to$808.4 billion primarily driven by higher loans and leases. The utilization rate for loansand leases, standby letters of credit (SBLCs) and financial guarantees, andcommercial letters of credit, in the aggregate, was 55 percent at both December 31,2025 and 2024.Table 29 presents commercial credit exposure by type for utilized, unfunded andtotal binding committed credit exposure. Commercial utilized credit exposure includesSBLCs and financial guarantees and commercial letters of credit that have beenissued and for which we are legally bound to advance funds under prescribedconditions during a specified time period, and excludes exposure related to tradingaccount assets. Although funds have not yet been advanced, these exposure typesare considered utilized for credit risk management purposes.
Bank of America 64
Table 29 Commercial Credit Exposure by Type
Commercial Utilized Commercial Unfunded Total Commercial Committed
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Loans and leases $ 702,109 $ 630,839 $ 596,676 $ 535,675 $ 1,298,785 $ 1,166,514
Derivative assets 40,881 40,948 — — 40,881 40,948
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees 35,048 33,147 2,081 1,889 37,129 35,036
Debt securities and other investments 19,155 19,133 3,391 4,407 22,546 23,540
Loans held-for-sale 3,450 7,985 17,151 5,003 20,601 12,988
Operating leases 5,686 5,608 — — 5,686 5,608
Commercial letters of credit 748 839 — 111 748 950
Other 1,312 1,004 — — 1,312 1,004
Total $ 808,389 $ 739,503 $ 619,299 $ 547,085 $ 1,427,688 $ 1,286,588
Commercial utilized exposure includes loans of $3.3 billion and $4.0 billion accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Commercial unfunded exposure includes commitments accounted for under the fair value option with a notional amount of $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Excludes unused business card lines, which are not legally binding.Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts were $10.6 billion and $10.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Derivative assets are carried at fair value, reflect the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements and have been reduced by cash collateral of $27.2 billion and $30.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Not reflected in utilized and committedexposure is additional non-cash derivative collateral held of $71.4 billion and $59.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, which consists primarily of other marketable securities.
Nonperforming commercial loans decreased $100 million during 2025, driven by commercial real estate. Table 30 presents our commercial loans and leases portfolio andrelated credit quality information at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 30 Commercial Credit Quality
Outstandings Nonperforming Accruing Past Due90 Days or More
December 31
(Dollars in millions)
December 312025 December 312024 December 312025 December 312024 December 312025 December 312024
Commercial and industrial:
U.S. commercial $ 436,242 $ 386,990 $ 1,404 $ 1,204 $ 302 $ 90
Non-U.S. commercial 155,045 137,518 80 8 9 4
Total commercial and industrial 591,287 524,508 1,484 1,212 311 94
Commercial real estate 68,748 65,730 1,596 2,068 10 6
Commercial lease financing 16,241 15,708 97 20 33 3
676,276 605,946 3,177 3,300 354 103
U.S. small business commercial 22,500 20,865 51 28 204 197
Commercial loans excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option $ 698,776 $ 626,811 $ 3,228 $ 3,328 $ 558 $ 300
Loans accounted for under the fair value option 3,333 4,028
Total commercial loans and leases $ 702,109 $ 630,839
Includes card-related products.Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial of $2.1 billion and $2.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial of $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 For more information on the fair value option, see Note21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table 31 presents net charge-offs and related ratios for our commercial loans and leases for 2025 and 2024.
Table 31 Commercial Net Charge-offs and Related Ratios
Net Charge-offs Net Charge-off Ratios
(Dollars in millions)
December 312025 December 312024 December 312025 December 312024
Commercial and industrial:
U.S. commercial $ 426 $ 388 0.10 % 0.11 %
Non-U.S. commercial 31 67 0.02 0.05
Total commercial and industrial 457 455 0.08 0.09
Commercial real estate 491 864 0.74 1.24
Commercial lease financing 4 1 0.02 0.01
952 1,320 0.15 0.23
U.S. small business commercial 531 473 2.44 2.34
Total commercial $ 1,483 $ 1,793 0.22 0.30
Net charge-off ratios are calculated as net charge-offs divided by average outstanding loans and leases, excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.
Table 32 presents commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure by loan type.Criticized exposure corresponds to the Special Mention, Substandard and Doubtfulasset categories as defined by regulatory authorities. Total commercial reservablecriticized utilized exposure of $24.7 billion decreased $1.7
billion, or seven percent, during 2025 primarily driven by commercial real estate andU.S. commercial. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, 87 percent and 91 percent ofcommercial reservable criticized utilized exposure was secured.
(1) (2, 3, 4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
65 Bank of America
Table 32 Commercial Reservable Criticized Utilized Exposure
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Commercial and industrial:
U.S. commercial $ 12,239 2.63 % $ 13,387 3.23 %
Non-U.S. commercial 2,803 1.74 1,955 1.37
Total commercial and industrial 15,042 2.40 15,342 2.75
Commercial real estate 8,356 11.91 10,168 15.17
Commercial lease financing 471 2.90 291 1.85
23,869 3.35 25,801 4.03
U.S. small business commercial 879 3.91 694 3.33
Total commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure $ 24,748 3.37 $ 26,495 4.01
Total commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure includes loans and leases of $23.9 billion and $25.5 billion and commercial letters of credit of $869 million and $977 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Percentages are calculated as commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure divided by total commercial reservable utilized exposure for each exposure category.
Commercial and IndustrialCommercial and industrial loans include U.S. commercial and non-U.S. commercialportfolios.
U.S. CommercialAt December 31, 2025, 55 percent of the U.S. commercial loan portfolio, excludingsmall business, was managed in Global Banking, 26 percent in Global Markets, 17percent in GWIM (loans that provide financing for asset purchases, businessinvestments and other liquidity needs for high net worth clients) and the remainderprimarily in Consumer Banking. U.S. commercial loans increased $49.3 billion, or 13percent, during 2025 primarily driven by Global Markets and GWIM. Reservablecriticized utilized exposure decreased $1.1 billion, or nine percent, driven by a broadrange of industries.
Non-U.S. CommercialAt December 31, 2025, 51 percent of the non-U.S. commercial loan portfolio wasmanaged in Global Banking and 48 percent in Global Markets. Non-U.S. commercialloans increased $17.5 billion, or 13 percent, during 2025 primarily driven by GlobalMarkets. Reservable criticized utilized exposure increased $848 million, or 43 percent.For more information on the non-U.S. commercial portfolio, see Non-U.S. Portfolio onpage 70.
Commercial Real EstateCommercial real estate primarily includes commercial loans secured by non-owner-occupied real estate and is dependent on the sale or lease of the real estate as theprimary source of
repayment. Outstanding loans increased $3.0 billion or five percent during 2025. Thecommercial real estate portfolio is primarily managed in Global Banking and consistsof loans made primarily to public and private developers, and commercial real estatefirms. The portfolio remains diversified across property types and geographic regions.California represented the largest state concentration at 20 percent and 21 percent ofcommercial real estate at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Industrial/Warehouse loansrepresented the largest property type concentration at 19 percent and 20 percent ofcommercial real estate at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Office loans decreased $2.6billion, or 17 percent, during 2025 and represented approximately one percent of totalloans for the Corporation.Reservable criticized utilized exposure for commercial real estate decreased $1.8billion, or 18 percent, during 2025. Reservable criticized exposure for the officeproperty type was $3.5 billion at December 31, 2025, representing a decrease of $1.6billion, or 32 percent, from December 31, 2024. Approximately $5.2 billion of officeloans are scheduled to mature by the end of 2026.During 2025, net charge-offs decreased $373 million to $491 million driven byoffice loans. We use a number of proactive risk mitigation initiatives designed toreduce adversely rated exposure in the commercial real estate portfolio, includingtransfers of deteriorating exposures for management by independent special assetofficers and the pursuit of loan restructurings or asset sales to achieve the best resultsfor our customers and the Corporation.
(1, 2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 66
Table 33 presents outstanding commercial real estate loans by geographic region, based on the geographic location of the collateral, and by property type.
Table 33 Outstanding Commercial Real Estate Loans
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
By Geographic Region
Northeast $ 17,044 $ 14,708
California 13,916 13,712
Southwest 8,412 7,719
Southeast 6,958 6,914
Florida 5,167 4,410
Midsouth 2,962 2,487
Midwest 2,862 2,468
Illinois 2,513 2,996
Northwest 1,451 1,979
Non-U.S. 6,021 6,109
Other 1,442 2,228
Total outstanding commercial real estate loans $ 68,748 $ 65,730
By Property Type
Non-residential
Industrial / Warehouse $ 13,031 $ 13,166
Office 12,447 15,061
Multi-family rental 10,986 11,022
Shopping centers / Retail 6,947 5,603
Hotel / Motels 4,629 4,680
Multi-use 2,509 2,162
Other 17,295 13,179
Total non-residential 67,844 64,873
Residential 904 857
Total outstanding commercial real estate loans $ 68,748 $ 65,730
U.S. Small Business CommercialThe U.S. small business commercial loan portfolio is comprised of small businesscard loans and small business loans primarily managed in Consumer Banking. Creditcard-related products were 51 percent and 53 percent of the U.S. small businesscommercial portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024 and represented 98 percent and99 percent of net charge-offs for 2025 and 2024. Accruing loans that were past due 90days or more remained relatively unchanged during 2025.
Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed PropertiesActivityTable 34 presents the nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosedproperties activity during 2025 and 2024. Nonperforming loans do not include loansaccounted for under the fair value option. During 2025, nonperforming commercialloans and leases decreased $100 million to $3.2 billion. At December 31, 2025, 98percent of commercial nonperforming loans, leases and foreclosed properties weresecured, and 48 percent were contractually current. Commercial nonperforming loanswere carried at 81 percent of their unpaid principal balance, as the carrying value ofthese loans has been reduced to the estimated collateral value less costs to sell.
67 Bank of America
Table 34 Nonperforming Commercial Loans, Leases and Foreclosed Properties Activity
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Nonperforming loans and leases, beginning of period $ 3,328 $ 2,773
Additions 3,182 3,914
Reductions:
Paydowns (1,852) (1,669)
Sales (156) (32)
Returns to performing status (245) (182)
Charge-offs (1,029) (1,361)
Transfers to foreclosed properties — (115)
Total net (reductions) additions to nonperforming loans and leases (100) 555
Total nonperforming loans and leases, December 31 3,228 3,328
Foreclosed properties, December 31 11 56
Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties, December 31 $ 3,239 $ 3,384
Nonperforming commercial loans and leases as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans and leases 0.46 % 0.53 %
Nonperforming commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties as a percentage of outstanding commercial loans, leases and foreclosed properties 0.46 0.54
Balances do not include nonperforming loans held-for-sale of $517 million and $731 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Includes U.S. small business commercial activity. Small business card loans are excluded as they are not classified as nonperforming.Commercial loans and leases may be returned to performing status when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remaining contractual principal and interest is expected, when the loan otherwise becomes well-secured and is in the process ofcollection, or when a modified loan demonstrates a sustained period of payment performance.Outstanding commercial loans exclude loans accounted for under the fair value option.
Industry ConcentrationsTable 35 presents commercial committed and utilized credit exposure by industry. Forinformation on net notional credit protection purchased to hedge funded and unfundedexposures for which we elected the fair value option, as well as certain other creditexposures, see Commercial Portfolio Credit Risk Management – Risk Mitigation.Commercial credit exposure is diversified across a broad range of industries. Totalcommercial committed exposure increased $141.1 billion during 2025 to $1.4 trillion.The increase in commercial committed exposure was concentrated in Asset managersand funds, Finance companies and Media.Industry limits are used internally to manage industry concentrations and arebased on committed exposure that is determined on an industry-by-industry basis. Arisk management framework is in place to set and approve industry limits as well as toprovide ongoing monitoring.Asset managers and funds, our largest industry concentration with committedexposure of $234.3 billion, increased $40.4 billion, or 21 percent, during 2025, whichwas primarily driven by investment-grade exposures.
Finance companies, our second largest industry concentration with committedexposure of $129.7 billion, increased $27.8 billion, or 27 percent, during 2025. Theincrease in committed exposure was primarily driven by increases in Consumerfinance, Thrifts and mortgage finance and Diversified financials.Capital goods, our third largest industry concentration with committed exposure of$108.7 billion, increased $9.9 billion, or ten percent, during 2025. The increase incommitted exposure was driven by increases in Trading companies and distributors,Machinery, and Construction and engineering.Various macroeconomic challenges, including geopolitical tensions, higher costsassociated with inflationary pressures experienced over the past several years,interest rates and ongoing negotiations and developments regarding internationaltrade policies have led to uncertainty in the U.S. and global economies and haveadversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, a number of industries.We continue to monitor these risks.
(1, 2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 68
Table 35 Commercial Credit Exposure by Industry
CommercialUtilized Total CommercialCommitted
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
Asset managers and funds $ 149,178 $ 118,123 $ 234,323 $ 193,947
Finance companies 94,444 74,975 129,652 101,828
Capital goods 54,293 51,367 108,722 98,780
Real estate 69,939 69,841 99,454 95,981
Healthcare equipment and services 35,417 35,964 71,944 65,819
Materials 29,094 26,797 61,872 58,128
Individuals and trusts 43,556 35,457 59,713 50,353
Retailing 25,648 24,449 55,313 53,471
Consumer services 29,757 28,391 55,291 53,054
Food, beverage and tobacco 25,561 25,763 51,016 54,370
Government and public education 33,874 32,682 50,898 48,204
Commercial services and supplies 24,680 24,409 46,058 43,451
Media 11,324 12,130 43,691 24,023
Utilities 18,670 18,186 43,554 42,107
Energy 13,199 13,857 39,122 35,510
Transportation 24,772 24,135 37,707 35,743
Software and services 15,317 11,158 32,070 27,383
Technology hardware and equipment 11,488 11,526 30,519 30,093
Global commercial banks 22,377 22,641 25,327 25,220
Vehicle dealers 19,222 18,194 24,669 23,855
Insurance 11,443 12,640 23,762 23,445
Pharmaceuticals and biotechnology 7,166 7,378 23,325 21,717
Consumer durables and apparel 9,612 8,987 23,299 21,823
Automobiles and components 8,129 8,172 17,284 16,268
Telecommunication services 6,525 8,571 15,686 18,759
Food and staples retailing 5,313 7,206 10,836 12,777
Financial markets infrastructure (clearinghouses) 6,101 4,219 8,336 6,413
Religious and social organizations 2,290 2,285 4,245 4,066
Total commercial credit exposure by industry $ 808,389 $ 739,503 $ 1,427,688 $ 1,286,588
Includes U.S. small business commercial exposure.Includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lending commitments, net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to other financial institutions. The distributed amounts were $10.6 billion and $10.4 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Industries are viewed from a variety of perspectives to best isolate the perceived risks. For purposes of this table, the real estate industry is defined based on the primary business activity of the borrowers or counterparties using operating cash flows and primarysource of repayment as key factors.
Risk MitigationWe purchase credit protection to cover the funded portion as well as the unfundedportion of certain credit exposures. To lower the cost of obtaining our desired creditprotection levels, we may add credit exposure within an industry, borrower orcounterparty group by selling protection.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, net notional credit default protection purchasedin our credit derivatives portfolio to hedge our funded and unfunded exposures forwhich we elected the fair value option, as well as certain other credit exposures, was$14.5 billion and $10.4 billion. We recorded net losses of $100 million in 2025compared to net losses of $87 million in 2024. The gains and losses on theseinstruments were largely offset by gains and losses on the related exposures. TheValue-at-Risk (VaR) results for these exposures are included in the fair value optionportfolio information in Table 42. For more information, see Trading Risk Managementon page 76.
Tables 36 and 37 present the maturity profiles and the credit exposure debt ratingsof the net credit default protection portfolio at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 36 Net Credit Default Protection by Maturity
December 31
2025 2024
Less than or equal to one year 37 % 24 %
Greater than one year and less than or equal to five years 61 76
Greater than five years 2 —
Total net credit default protection 100 % 100 %
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
69 Bank of America
Table 37 Net Credit Default Protection by Credit Exposure DebtRating
NetNotional Percent ofTotal NetNotional Percent ofTotal
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Ratings
AAA $ (145) 1.0 % $ (120) 1.1 %
AA (1,968) 13.5 (960) 9.2
A (6,348) 43.7 (4,978) 47.7
BBB (4,639) 31.9 (3,385) 32.4
BB (697) 4.8 (526) 5.0
B (441) 3.0 (385) 3.7
CCC and below (17) 0.1 (82) 0.8
NR (270) 2.0 — 0.1
Total net creditdefault protection $ (14,525) 100.0 % $ (10,436) 100.0 %
Represents net credit default protection purchased.Ratings are refreshed on a quarterly basis.Ratings of BBB- or higher are considered to meet the definition of investment grade.NR is comprised of index positions held and any names that have not been rated.
In addition to our net notional credit default protection purchased to cover thefunded and unfunded portion of certain credit exposures, credit derivatives are usedfor market-making activities for clients and establishing positions intended to profitfrom directional or relative value changes. We execute the majority of our creditderivative trades in the OTC market with large, multinational financial institutions,including broker-dealers and, to a lesser degree, with a variety of other investors.Because these transactions are executed in the OTC market, we are subject tosettlement risk. We are also subject to credit risk in the event that these counterpartiesfail to perform under the terms of these contracts. In order to properly reflectcounterparty credit risk, we record counterparty credit risk valuation adjustments oncertain derivative assets, including our purchased credit default protection. In mostcases, credit derivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis. Therefore,events such as a credit downgrade, depending on the ultimate rating level, or abreach of credit covenants would typically require an increase in the amount ofcollateral required by the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow us to takeadditional protective measures such as early termination of all trades. For moreinformation on credit derivatives and counterparty credit risk valuation adjustments,see Note 3 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Non-U.S. PortfolioOur non-U.S. credit and trading portfolios are subject to country risk. We definecountry risk as the risk of loss from unfavorable economic and political conditions,currency fluctuations, social instability and changes in government policies. A riskmanagement framework is in place to measure, monitor and manage non-U.S. riskand exposures. In addition to the direct risk of doing business in a country, we also areexposed to indirect country risks (e.g., related to the collateral received on securedfinancing transactions or related to client clearing activities). These indirect exposuresare managed in the normal course of business through credit, market and operationalrisk governance rather than through country risk governance.Table 38 presents our 20 largest non-U.S. country exposures at December 31,2025. These exposures accounted for 88 percent of our total non-U.S. exposure atDecember 31, 2025 and 89 percent at December 31, 2024. Net country exposure forthese 20 countries increased $32.9 billion from December 31, 2024 primarily driven byincreases in Australia, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Ireland.Non-U.S. exposure is presented on an internal risk management basis andincludes sovereign and non-sovereign credit exposure, securities and otherinvestments issued by or domiciled in countries other than the U.S.Funded loans and loan equivalents include loans, leases, and other extensions ofcredit and funds, including letters of credit and due from placements. Unfundedcommitments are the undrawn portion of legally binding commitments related to loansand loan equivalents. Net counterparty exposure includes the fair value of derivatives,including the counterparty risk associated with credit default swaps (CDS), andsecured financing transactions. Securities and other investments are carried at fairvalue, and long securities exposures are netted against short exposures with thesame underlying issuer to, but not below, zero. Net country exposure representscountry exposure less hedges and credit default protection purchased, net of creditdefault protection sold.
(1) (1)
(2, 3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 70
Table 38 Top 20 Non-U.S. Countries Exposure
(Dollars in millions)
Funded Loans and Loan Equivalents
Unfunded Loan Commitments
Net Counterparty Exposure
Securities/OtherInvestments
Country Exposure atDecember 312025 Hedges and CreditDefault Protection
Net CountryExposure atDecember 312025
Increase (Decrease)from December 312024
United Kingdom $ 35,666 $ 17,879 $ 4,682 $ 8,637 $ 66,864 $ (2,249) $ 64,615 $ 2,570
Germany 24,262 12,686 3,504 2,252 42,704 (3,596) 39,108 2,070
Australia 23,570 6,313 540 2,861 33,284 (412) 32,872 10,736
Canada 15,356 11,449 1,866 3,700 32,371 (608) 31,763 291
France 14,617 11,869 1,633 2,044 30,163 (2,601) 27,562 1,408
Japan 10,882 1,593 3,074 4,033 19,582 (603) 18,979 (262)
Brazil 11,105 1,382 953 4,679 18,119 (125) 17,994 1,256
Switzerland 5,372 6,447 832 278 12,929 (250) 12,679 2,078
Netherlands 6,925 4,504 661 1,193 13,283 (624) 12,659 4,530
India 6,406 246 636 4,118 11,406 (30) 11,376 (2,410)
Singapore 4,991 686 242 5,599 11,518 (145) 11,373 1,486
China 4,636 591 915 5,088 11,230 (297) 10,933 1,711
Ireland 8,159 1,994 338 392 10,883 (263) 10,620 2,359
Mexico 5,512 2,192 610 1,662 9,976 (217) 9,759 1,717
South Korea 4,516 1,320 607 3,359 9,802 (269) 9,533 1,090
Italy 5,741 3,019 212 698 9,670 (812) 8,858 969
Spain 3,235 2,555 99 1,248 7,137 (373) 6,764 661
Hong Kong 2,856 540 997 1,322 5,715 (35) 5,680 590
Sweden 1,628 1,897 177 263 3,965 (497) 3,468 18
Belgium 1,060 1,359 656 407 3,482 (121) 3,361 (14)
Total top 20 non-U.S. countriesexposure $ 196,495 $ 90,521 $ 23,234 $ 53,833 $ 364,083 $ (14,127) $ 349,956 $ 32,854
Our largest non-U.S. country exposure at December 31, 2025 was the United Kingdom with net exposure of $64.6 billion, which increased $2.6 billion from December 31,2024 primarily due to increased exposure to financial institutions. Our second largest non-U.S. country exposure was Germany with net exposure of $39.1 billion atDecember 31, 2025, which increased $2.1 billion from December 31, 2024 primarily due to increased exposure to financial institutions.
71 Bank of America
Loan and Lease Contractual MaturitiesTable 39 disaggregates total outstanding loans and leases by remaining scheduled principal due dates and interest rates. The amounts provided do not reflect prepaymentassumptions or hedging activities related to the loan portfolio. For information on the asset sensitivity of our total banking book balance sheet, see Interest Rate RiskManagement for the Banking Book on page 79.
Table 39 Loan and Lease Contractual Maturities
December 31, 2025
(Dollars in millions) Due in OneYear or Less Due After One YearThrough Five Years Due After Five YearsThrough 15 Years Due After 15 Years Total
Residential mortgage $ 6,043 $ 36,432 $ 101,819 $ 92,066 $ 236,360
Home equity 574 627 1,822 23,907 26,930
Credit card 106,027 — — — 106,027
Direct/Indirect consumer 72,094 36,728 4,668 640 114,130
Other consumer 144 — — — 144
Total consumer loans 184,882 73,787 108,309 116,613 483,591
U.S. commercial 133,448 286,555 16,082 2,303 438,388
Non-U.S. commercial 51,894 64,501 35,703 4,134 156,232
Commercial real estate 27,454 39,702 1,573 19 68,748
Commercial lease financing 3,970 10,002 1,283 986 16,241
U.S. small business commercial 13,067 5,286 4,014 133 22,500
Total commercial loans 229,833 406,046 58,655 7,575 702,109
Total loans and leases $ 414,715 $ 479,833 $ 166,964 $ 124,188 $ 1,185,700
Amount due in one year or less at: Amount due after one year at:
(Dollars in millions) Variable Interest Rates Fixed Interest Rates Variable Interest Rates Fixed Interest Rates Total
Residential mortgage $ 1,247 $ 4,796 $ 91,627 $ 138,690 $ 236,360
Home equity 98 476 24,083 2,273 26,930
Credit card 100,130 5,897 — — 106,027
Direct/Indirect consumer 53,104 18,990 2,889 39,147 114,130
Other consumer 25 119 — — 144
Total consumer loans 154,604 30,278 118,599 180,110 483,591
U.S. commercial 104,248 29,200 251,959 52,981 438,388
Non-U.S. commercial 40,483 11,411 98,512 5,826 156,232
Commercial real estate 25,065 2,389 39,859 1,435 68,748
Commercial lease financing 243 3,727 2,586 9,685 16,241
U.S. small business commercial 7,911 5,156 131 9,302 22,500
Total commercial loans 177,950 51,883 393,047 79,229 702,109
Total loans and leases $ 332,554 $ 82,161 $ 511,646 $ 259,339 $ 1,185,700
Includes loans accounted for under the fair value option.
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 72
Allowance for Credit LossesThe allowance for credit losses increased $44 million from December 31, 2024 to$14.4 billion at December 31, 2025, which included a $185 million reserve decreaseand
$229 million reserve increase related to the consumer and commercial portfolios,respectively.Table 40 presents an allocation of the allowance for credit losses by product typeat December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 40 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses by Product Type
Amount Percent ofTotal
Percent ofLoans andLeasesOutstanding Amount Percent ofTotal
Percent ofLoans andLeasesOutstanding
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Allowance for loan and lease losses
Residential mortgage $ 294 2.23 % 0.12 % $ 264 1.99 % 0.12 %
Home equity 122 0.92 0.46 29 0.22 0.11
Credit card 7,197 54.51 6.79 7,515 56.76 7.26
Direct/Indirect consumer 713 5.40 0.63 700 5.29 0.65
Other consumer 54 0.41 n/m 62 0.47 n/m
Total consumer 8,380 63.47 1.73 8,570 64.73 1.84
U.S. commercial 2,967 22.47 0.65 2,637 19.91 0.65
Non-U.S. commercial 801 6.07 0.52 778 5.88 0.57
Commercial real estate 1,007 7.63 1.46 1,219 9.21 1.85
Commercial lease financing 48 0.36 0.29 36 0.27 0.23
Total commercial 4,823 36.53 0.69 4,670 35.27 0.75
Allowance for loan and lease losses 13,203 100.00 % 1.12 13,240 100.00 % 1.21
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments 1,177 1,096
Allowance for credit losses $ 14,380 $ 14,336
Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.Includes allowance for loan and lease losses for U.S. small business commercial loans of $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.n/m = not meaningful
Net charge-offs for 2025 were $5.6 billion compared to $6.0 billion in 2024 drivenby asset quality improvement in commercial real estate office. The provision for creditlosses decreased $146 million to $5.7 billion during 2025 compared to 2024. Theprovision for credit losses in 2025 was impacted by improved asset quality in creditcard and commercial real estate, partially offset by loan growth. The provision forcredit losses for the consumer portfolio, including unfunded lending commitments,decreased $299 million to $4.0 billion during 2025 compared to 2024. The provisionfor credit losses for the commercial portfolio, including unfunded lendingcommitments,
increased $153 million to $1.7 billion during 2025 compared to 2024.Table 41 presents a rollforward of the allowance for credit losses, including certainloan and allowance ratios for 2025 and 2024. For more information on theCorporation’s credit loss accounting policies and activity related to the allowance forcredit losses, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 5 –Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements.
(1) (1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
73 Bank of America
Table 41 Allowance for Credit Losses
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 $ 13,240 $ 13,342
Loans and leases charged off
Residential mortgage (24) (21)
Home equity (16) (21)
Credit card (4,498) (4,365)
Direct/Indirect consumer (373) (399)
Other consumer (256) (313)
Total consumer charge-offs (5,167) (5,119)
U.S. commercial (1,123) (958)
Non-U.S. commercial (33) (81)
Commercial real estate (520) (894)
Commercial lease financing (8) (2)
Total commercial charge-offs (1,684) (1,935)
Total loans and leases charged off (6,851) (7,054)
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off
Residential mortgage 25 21
Home equity 57 62
Credit card 781 620
Direct/Indirect consumer 138 160
Other consumer 18 18
Total consumer recoveries 1,019 881
U.S. commercial 166 97
Non-U.S. commercial 2 14
Commercial real estate 29 30
Commercial lease financing 4 1
Total commercial recoveries 201 142
Total recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 1,220 1,023
Net charge-offs (5,631) (6,031)
Provision for loan and lease losses 5,595 5,935
Other (1) (6)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 13,203 13,240
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 1,096 1,209
Provision for unfunded lending commitments 80 (114)
Other 1 1
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 1,177 1,096
Allowance for credit losses, December 31 $ 14,380 $ 14,336
Loan and allowance ratios :
Loans and leases outstanding at December 31 $ 1,182,202 $ 1,091,586
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans and leases outstanding at December 31 1.12 % 1.21 %
Consumer allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total consumer loans and leases outstanding at December 31 1.73 1.84
Commercial allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total commercial loans and leases outstanding at December 31 0.69 0.75
Average loans and leases outstanding $ 1,130,593 $ 1,056,507
Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding 0.50 % 0.57 %
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 228 222
Ratio of the allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31 to net charge-offs 2.34 2.20
Amounts included in allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 $ 8,473 $ 8,689
Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total nonperforming loans and leases, excluding the allowance for loan and lease losses for loans and leases that areexcluded from nonperforming loans and leases at December 31 82 % 76 %
Includes U.S. small business commercial charge-offs of $587 million in 2025 compared to $519 million in 2024.Includes U.S. small business commercial recoveries of $56 million in 2025 compared to $46 million in 2024.Ratios are calculated as allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans and leases outstanding excluding loans accounted for under the fair value option.Primarily includes amounts related to credit card and unsecured consumer lending portfolios in Consumer Banking.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 74
Market Risk ManagementMarket risk is the risk that changes in market conditions may adversely impact thevalue of assets or liabilities, or otherwise negatively impact earnings. This risk isinherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations, primarily withinour Global Markets segment. We are also exposed to these risks in other areas of theCorporation (e.g., our ALM activities). In the event of market stress, these risks couldhave a material impact on our results. For more information, see Interest Rate RiskManagement for the Banking Book on page 79.Our traditional banking loan and deposit products are non-trading positions andare generally reported at amortized cost for assets or the amount owed for liabilities(historical cost). However, these positions are still subject to changes in economicvalue based on varying market conditions, with one of the primary risks being changesin the levels of interest rates. The risk of adverse changes in the economic value ofour non-trading positions arising from changes in interest rates is managed throughour ALM activities. We have elected to account for certain assets and liabilities underthe fair value option.Our trading positions are reported at fair value with changes reflected in income.Trading positions are subject to various changes in market-based risk factors. Themajority of this risk is generated by our activities in the interest rate, foreign exchange,credit, equity and commodities markets. In addition, the values of assets and liabilitiescould change due to market liquidity, correlations across markets and expectations ofmarket volatility. We seek to manage these risk exposures by using a variety oftechniques that encompass a broad range of financial instruments. The key riskmanagement techniques are discussed in more detail in the Trading RiskManagement section.GRM is responsible for providing senior management with a clear andcomprehensive understanding of the trading risks to which we are exposed. Theseresponsibilities include ownership of market risk policy, developing and maintainingquantitative risk models, calculating aggregated risk measures, establishing andmonitoring position limits consistent with risk appetite, conducting daily reviews andanalysis of trading inventory, approving material risk exposures and fulfilling regulatoryrequirements. Market risks that impact businesses outside of Global Markets aremonitored and governed by their respective governance functions.Model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based onincorrect or misused model outputs and reports. Given that models are used acrossthe Corporation, model risk impacts all risk types including credit, market andoperational risks. The Enterprise Model Risk Policy defines model risk standards,consistent with our Risk Framework and risk appetite, prevailing regulatory guidanceand industry best practice. All models, including risk management, valuation andregulatory capital models, must meet certain validation criteria, including effectivechallenge of the conceptual soundness of the model, independent model testing andongoing monitoring through outcomes analysis and benchmarking. The EnterpriseModel Risk Committee, a subcommittee of the MRC, oversees that model standardsare consistent with model risk requirements and monitors the effective challenge inthe model validation process across the Corporation.
Interest Rate RiskInterest rate risk represents exposures to instruments whose values vary with the levelor volatility of interest rates. These instruments include, but are not limited to, loans,debt securities, certain trading-related assets and liabilities, deposits, borrowings andderivatives. Hedging instruments used to mitigate these risks include derivatives suchas options, futures, forwards and swaps.
Foreign Exchange RiskForeign exchange risk represents exposures to changes in the values of currentholdings and future cash flows denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.The types of instruments exposed to this risk include investments in non-U.S.subsidiaries, foreign currency-denominated loans and securities, future cash flows inforeign currencies arising from foreign exchange transactions, foreign currency-denominated debt and various foreign exchange derivatives whose values fluctuatewith changes in the level or volatility of currency exchange rates or non-U.S. interestrates. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include foreign exchange options,currency swaps, futures, forwards, and foreign currency-denominated debt anddeposits.
Mortgage RiskMortgage risk represents exposures to changes in the values of mortgage-relatedinstruments. The values of these instruments are sensitive to prepayment rates,mortgage rates, agency debt ratings, default, market liquidity, governmentparticipation and interest rate volatility. Our exposure to these instruments takesseveral forms. For example, we trade and engage in market-making activities in avariety of mortgage securities including whole loans, pass-through certificates,commercial mortgages and collateralized mortgage obligations, includingcollateralized debt obligations using mortgages as underlying collateral. In addition,we originate a variety of MBS, which involves the accumulation of mortgage-relatedloans in anticipation of eventual securitization, and we may hold positions in mortgagesecurities and residential mortgage loans as part of the ALM portfolio. We also recordMSRs as part of our mortgage origination activities. Hedging instruments used tomitigate this risk include derivatives such as options, swaps, futures and forwards, aswell as securities including MBS and U.S. Treasury securities. For more information,see Mortgage Banking Risk Management on page 81.
Equity Market RiskEquity market risk represents exposures to securities that represent an ownershipinterest in a corporation in the form of domestic and foreign common stock or otherequity-linked instruments. Instruments that would lead to this exposure include, butare not limited to, the following: common stock, exchange-traded funds, AmericanDepositary Receipts, convertible bonds, listed equity options (puts and calls), OTCequity options, equity total return swaps, equity index futures and other equityderivative products. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include options,futures, swaps, convertible bonds and cash positions.
Commodity RiskCommodity risk represents exposures to instruments traded in the petroleum, naturalgas, power and metals markets. These instruments consist primarily of futures,forwards, swaps and options. Hedging instruments used to mitigate this risk include
75 Bank of America
options, futures and swaps in the same or similar commodity product, as well as cashpositions.
Issuer Credit RiskIssuer credit risk represents exposures to changes in the creditworthiness of individualissuers or groups of issuers. Our portfolio is exposed to issuer credit risk where thevalue of an asset may be adversely impacted by changes in the levels of creditspreads, by credit migration or by defaults. Hedging instruments used to mitigate thisrisk include bonds, CDS and other credit fixed-income instruments.
Market Liquidity RiskMarket liquidity risk represents the risk that the level of expected market activitychanges dramatically and, in certain cases, may even cease. This exposes us to therisk that we will not be able to transact business and execute trades in an orderlymanner, which may impact our results. This impact could be further exacerbated ifexpected hedging or pricing correlations are compromised by disproportionatedemand or lack of demand for certain instruments. We utilize various risk mitigatingtechniques as discussed in more detail in Trading Risk Management.
Trading Risk ManagementTo evaluate risks in our trading activities, we focus on the actual and potential volatilityof revenues generated by individual positions as well as portfolios of positions.Various techniques and procedures are utilized to enable the most completeunderstanding of these risks. Quantitative measures of market risk are evaluated on adaily basis from a single position to the portfolio of the Corporation. These measuresinclude sensitivities of positions to various market risk factors, such as the potentialimpact on revenue from a one basis point change in interest rates, and statisticalmeasures utilizing both actual and hypothetical market moves, such as VaR andstress testing. Periods of extreme market stress influence the reliability of thesetechniques to varying degrees. Qualitative evaluations of market risk utilize the suiteof quantitative risk measures while understanding each of their respective limitations.Additionally, risk managers independently evaluate the risk of the portfolios under thecurrent market environment and potential future environments.VaR is a common statistic used to measure market risk as it allows theaggregation of market risk factors, including the effects of portfolio diversification. AVaR model simulates the value of a portfolio under a range of scenarios in order togenerate a distribution of potential gains and losses. VaR represents the loss aportfolio is not expected to exceed more than a certain number of times per period,based on a specified holding period, confidence level and window of historical data.We use one VaR model consistently across the trading portfolios, and it uses ahistorical simulation approach based on a three-year window of historical data. Ourprimary VaR statistic is equivalent to a 99 percent confidence level, which means thatfor a VaR with a one-day holding period, there should not be losses in excess of VaR,on average, 99 out of 100 trading days.Within any VaR model, there are significant and numerous assumptions that willdiffer from company to company. The accuracy of a VaR model depends on theavailability and quality of historical data for each of the risk factors in the portfolio. AVaR model may require additional modeling assumptions for new products that do nothave the necessary historical market data or for less liquid positions for whichaccurate daily prices
are not consistently available. For positions with insufficient historical data for the VaRcalculation, the process for establishing an appropriate proxy is based on fundamentaland statistical analysis of the new product or less liquid position. This analysisidentifies reasonable alternatives that replicate both the expected volatility andcorrelation to other market risk factors that the missing data would be expected toexperience.VaR may not be indicative of realized revenue volatility, as changes in marketconditions or in the composition of the portfolio can have a material impact on theresults. In particular, the historical data used for the VaR calculation might indicatehigher or lower levels of portfolio diversification than will be experienced. In order forthe VaR model to reflect current market conditions, we update the historical dataunderlying our VaR model on a weekly basis, or more frequently during periods ofmarket stress, and regularly review the assumptions underlying the model. A minorportion of risks related to our trading positions is not included in VaR. These risks arereviewed as part of our ICAAP. For more information regarding ICAAP, see CapitalManagement on page 48.GRM continually reviews, evaluates and enhances our VaR model so that itreflects the material risks in our trading portfolio. Changes to the VaR model arereviewed and approved prior to implementation, and any material changes arereported to management through the appropriate management committees.Trading limits on quantitative risk measures, including VaR, are independently setby Global Markets Risk Management and reviewed on a regular basis so that tradinglimits remain relevant and within our overall risk appetite for market risks. Tradinglimits are reviewed in the context of market liquidity, volatility and strategic businesspriorities. Trading limits are set at both a granular level to allow for extensive coverageof risks as well as at aggregated portfolios to account for correlations among riskfactors. All trading limits are approved at least annually. Approved trading limits arestored and tracked in a centralized limits management system. Trading limit excessesare communicated to management for review. Certain quantitative market riskmeasures and corresponding limits have been identified as critical in the Corporation’sRisk Appetite Statement. These risk appetite limits are reported on a daily basis andare approved at least annually by the ERC and the Board.In periods of market stress, Global Markets senior leadership communicates dailyto discuss losses, key risk positions and any limit excesses. As a result of thisprocess, the businesses may selectively reduce risk.Table 42 presents the total market-based portfolio VaR, which is the combination ofthe total trading positions portfolio and the fair value option portfolio. Prior to the firstquarter of 2025, the Corporation presented its VaR using a total market-basedportfolio VaR, which was primarily a combination of our total covered positions andcertain less liquid trading positions. An insignificant amount of banking book positionswas included in these portfolios. Beginning in the first quarter of 2025, the VaRamounts for all periods presented in Table 42 and Table 43 exclude those bankingbook positions and include only the financial instruments used in the Corporation’smarket risk management of its trading portfolios.In addition, Table 42 presents our fair value option portfolio, which includessubstantially all of the funded and unfunded exposures for which we elect the fairvalue option, and their corresponding hedges. Additionally, market risk VaR for tradingactivities, as presented in Table 42, differs from VaR used for regulatory capitalcalculations due to the holding period used.
Bank of America 76
The holding period for VaR used for regulatory capital calculations is 10 days, whilefor the market risk VaR presented below, it is one day. Both measures utilize the sameprocess and methodology.The total market-based portfolio VaR results in Table 42 include market risk towhich we are exposed from all business segments’ trading activities, which excludecredit valuation
adjustment (CVA), DVA and related hedges. The majority of this portfolio is within theGlobal Markets segment.Table 42 presents year-end, average, high and low daily trading VaR for 2025 and2024 using a 99 percent confidence level. The annual average of total tradingpositions portfolio VaR marginally increased for 2025 compared to 2024, with modestchanges across asset classes.
Table 42 Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities
2025 2024
(Dollars in millions)
YearEnd Average High Low YearEnd Average High Low
Foreign exchange $ 14 $ 16 $ 36 $ 9 $ 24 15 $ 27 $ 5
Interest rate 37 52 90 29 65 58 94 31
Credit 34 46 67 32 56 51 60 44
Mortgage 26 32 43 26 27 36 51 26
Equity 20 24 63 13 20 21 34 12
Commodities 10 9 13 7 9 10 17 7
Portfolio diversification (97) (107) n/a n/a (114) (124) n/a n/a
Total trading positions portfolio VaR 44 72 119 42 87 67 89 53
Fair value option loans 17 20 35 12 31 19 45 12
Fair value option hedges 7 13 28 6 22 10 26 5
Fair value option portfolio diversification (10) (20) n/a n/a (34) (16) n/a n/a
Total fair value option portfolio 14 13 20 8 19 13 24 10
Portfolio diversification (9) (7) n/a n/a (8) (7) n/a n/a
Total market-based portfolio $ 49 $ 78 127 46 $ 98 $ 73 100 59
The high and low for each portfolio may have occurred on different trading days than the high and low for the components. Therefore, the amount of portfolio diversification, which is the difference between the total portfolio and the sum of the individualcomponents, is not relevant.n/a = not applicable
The following graph presents the trading positions portfolio VaR for 2025, corresponding to the data in Table 42.
(1) (1) (1) (1)
(1)
77 Bank of America
Additional VaR statistics produced within our single VaR model are provided in Table 43 at the same level of detail as in Table 42. Evaluating VaR with additional statisticsallows for an increased understanding of the risks in the portfolio, as the historical market data used in the VaR calculation does not necessarily follow a predefined statisticaldistribution. Table 43 presents average trading VaR statistics at 99 percent and 95 percent confidence levels for 2025 and 2024.
Table 43 Average Market Risk VaR for Trading Activities – 99 percent and 95 percent VaR Statistics
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
(Dollars in millions) 99 percent 95 percent 99 percent 95 percent
Foreign exchange $ 16 $ 8 $ 15 $ 7
Interest rate 52 27 58 32
Credit 46 20 51 27
Mortgage 32 17 36 20
Equity 24 12 21 10
Commodities 9 6 10 6
Portfolio diversification (107) (58) (124) (68)
Total trading positions portfolio VaR 72 32 67 34
Fair value option loans 20 11 19 11
Fair value option hedges 13 7 10 6
Fair value option portfolio diversification (20) (11) (16) (10)
Total fair value option portfolio 13 7 13 7
Portfolio diversification (7) (5) (7) (3)
Total market-based portfolio $ 78 $ 34 $ 73 $ 38
BacktestingThe accuracy of the VaR methodology is evaluated by backtesting, which comparesthe daily VaR results, utilizing a one-day holding period, against a comparable subsetof trading revenue. A backtesting excess occurs when a trading loss exceeds the VaRfor the corresponding day. These excesses are evaluated to understand the positionsand market moves that produced the trading loss with a goal to help confirm that theVaR methodology accurately represents those losses. We expect the frequency oftrading losses in excess of VaR to be in line with the confidence level of the VaRstatistic being tested. For example, with a 99 percent confidence level, we expect onetrading loss in excess of VaR every 100 days or between two to three trading losses inexcess of VaR over the course of a year. The number of backtesting excessesobserved can differ from the statistically expected number of excesses if the currentlevel of market volatility is materially different than the level of market volatility thatexisted during the three years of historical data used in the VaR calculation.The trading revenue used for backtesting is defined by regulatory agencies inorder to most closely align with the VaR component of the regulatory capitalcalculation. This revenue differs from total trading-related revenue in that it excludesrevenue from trading activities that either do not generate market risk or for which themarket risk cannot be included in VaR. Some examples of the types of revenueexcluded for backtesting are fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income andintra-day trading revenues.We conduct daily backtesting on the VaR results used for regulatory capitalcalculations as well as at the level of key legal entities. These results are reported tosenior management, who regularly review and evaluate the results of these tests.
During 2025, there were no days where this subset of trading revenue had lossesthat exceeded our total covered portfolio VaR, utilizing a one-day holding period.
Total Trading-related RevenueTotal trading-related revenue, excluding brokerage fees, and CVA, DVA and fundingvaluation adjustment gains (losses), represents the total amount earned from tradingpositions, including net interest income associated with Global Markets tradingactivities, which are taken in a diverse range of financial instruments and markets. Formore information on fair value, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to theConsolidated Financial Statements. Trading-related revenue can be volatile and islargely driven by general market conditions and customer demand. Also, trading-related revenue is dependent on the volume and type of transactions, the level of riskassumed, and the volatility of price and rate movements at any given time within theever-changing market environment. Significant daily revenue by business is monitoredand the primary drivers of these are reviewed.The following histogram is a graphic depiction of trading volatility and illustrates thedaily level of trading-related revenue for 2025 and 2024. During 2025, positive trading-related revenue was recorded for more than 99 percent of the trading days, of which95 percent were daily trading gains of over $25 million, and the largest loss was $2million. This compares to 2024 where positive trading-related revenue was recordedfor more than 99 percent of the trading days, of which 94 percent were daily tradinggains of over $25 million, and the largest loss was $12 million.
Bank of America 78
Trading Portfolio Stress TestingBecause the very nature of a VaR model suggests results can exceed our estimatesand it is dependent on a limited historical window, we also stress test our portfoliousing scenario analysis. This analysis estimates the change in the value of our tradingportfolio that may result from abnormal market movements.A set of scenarios, categorized as either historical or hypothetical, are computeddaily for the overall trading portfolio and individual businesses. These scenariosinclude shocks to underlying market risk factors that may be well beyond the shocksfound in the historical data used to calculate VaR. Historical scenarios simulate theimpact of the market moves that occurred during a period of extended historicalmarket stress. Generally, a multi-week period representing the most severe pointduring a crisis is selected for each historical scenario. Hypothetical scenarios provideestimated portfolio impacts from potential future market stress events. Scenarios arereviewed and updated in response to changing positions and new economic orpolitical information. In addition, new or ad hoc scenarios are developed to addressspecific potential market events or particular vulnerabilities in the portfolio. The stresstests are reviewed on a regular basis and the results are presented to seniormanagement.Stress testing for the trading portfolio is integrated with enterprise-wide stresstesting and incorporated into the limits framework. The macroeconomic scenariosused for enterprise-wide stress testing purposes differ from the typical trading portfolioscenarios in that they have a longer time horizon and the results are forecasted overmultiple periods for use in consolidated capital and liquidity planning. For moreinformation, see Managing Risk on page 88.
Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking BookThe following discussion presents net interest income for banking book activities.Interest rate risk represents the most significant market risk exposure to ourbanking book balance sheet. Interest rate risk is measured as the potential change innet interest income caused by movements in market interest rates. Client-facing
activities, primarily lending and deposit-taking, create interest rate sensitive positionson our balance sheet.We prepare forward-looking forecasts of net interest income. The baseline forecasttakes into consideration expected future business growth, ALM positioning and thefuture direction of interest rate movements as implied by market-based forwardcurves.We then measure and evaluate the impact that alternative interest rate scenarioshave on the baseline forecast in order to assess interest rate sensitivity under variedconditions. The net interest income forecast is frequently updated for changingassumptions and differing outlooks based on economic trends, market conditions andbusiness strategies. Thus, we continually monitor our banking book balance sheetposition in order to maintain an acceptable level of exposure to interest rate changes.The interest rate scenarios that we analyze incorporate balance sheetassumptions such as loan and deposit growth and pricing, changes in funding mix,product repricing, maturity characteristics and investment securities premiumamortization. Our overall goal is to manage interest rate risk so that movements ininterest rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings and capital.Table 44 presents the spot and 12-month forward rates used in developing theforward curve used in our baseline forecasts at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Table 44 Forward Rates
December 31, 2025

FederalFunds SOFR 10-YearSOFR
Spot rates 3.75 % 3.87 % 3.80 %
12-month forward rates 3.25 3.11 3.89
December 31, 2024
Spot rates 4.50 % 4.49 % 4.07 %
12-month forward rates 4.00 3.94 4.07
Table 45 shows the potential pretax impact to forecasted net interest income overthe next 12 months from December 31, 2025 and 2024 resulting from instantaneousparallel and non-parallel shocks to the market-based forward curve.
79 Bank of America
Periodically, we evaluate the scenarios presented so that they are meaningful in thecontext of the current rate environment. Amounts presented reflect dynamic depositsensitivities, which
incorporate behavioral customer deposit balance changes that could occur undervarious scenarios.
Table 45 Estimated Banking Book Net Interest Income Sensitivity to Curve Changes
ShortRate (bps) LongRate (bps)
December 31
(Dollars in billions) 2025 2024
Parallel Shifts
+100 bps instantaneous shift +100 +100 $ 0.7 $ 1.1
-100 bps instantaneous shift -100 -100 (2.0) (2.3)
+200 bps instantaneous shift +200 +200 0.8 2.0
-200 bps instantaneous shift -200 -200 (4.9) (5.4)
Flatteners
Short-end instantaneous change +100 — 0.5 1.1
Long-end instantaneous change — -100 (0.3) (0.1)
Steepeners
Short-end instantaneous change -100 — (1.7) (2.1)
Long-end instantaneous change — +100 0.3 0.1
We continue to be asset sensitive to a parallel move in interest rates, with themajority of that impact coming from the short end of the yield curve. Additionally,higher interest rates negatively impact the fair value of our debt securities classified asavailable for sale and adversely affect accumulated OCI, and thus capital levels underthe Basel 3 capital rules. Under instantaneous upward parallel shifts, the near-termadverse impact to Basel 3 capital would be reduced over time by offsetting positiveimpacts to net interest income generated from banking book activities. For moreinformation on Basel 3, see Capital Management – Regulatory Capital on page 49.As part of our ALM activities, we use securities, certain residential mortgages, andinterest rate and foreign exchange derivatives in managing interest rate sensitivity.The sensitivity analysis in Table 45 assumes that we take no action in response tothese rate shocks and does not assume any change in other macroeconomicvariables normally correlated with changes in interest rates. In higher rate scenarios,the analysis assumes that a portion of low-cost or noninterest-bearing deposits arereplaced with higher yielding deposits or market-based funding. Conversely, in lowerrate scenarios, the analysis assumes that a portion of higher yielding deposits ormarket-based funding are replaced with low-cost or noninterest-bearing deposits.For larger interest rate shift scenarios, the interest rate sensitivity may behave in anon-linear manner as there are numerous estimates and assumptions, which require ahigh degree of judgment and are often interrelated, that could impact the outcome.Pertaining to the mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage portfolio, iflong-end interest rates were to significantly decrease over the next twelve months, forexample over 200 bps, there would generally be an increase in customer prepaymentbehaviors with an incremental reduction to net interest income, noting that the extentof changes in customer prepayment activity can be impacted by multiple factors and isnot necessarily limited to long-end interest rates. Conversely, if long-end interest rateswere to significantly increase over the next twelve months, for example, over 200 bps,customer prepayments would likely modestly decrease and result in an incrementalincrease to net interest income. In addition, deposit pricing is rate sensitive in nature.This sensitivity is assumed to have non-linear impacts to larger short-end ratemovements. In decreasing interest rate scenarios, and particularly where interestrates have decreased to small amounts, the ability to further reduce rates paid isreduced as customer rates near zero. In higher short-end rate scenarios, depositpricing will
likely increase at a faster rate, leading to incremental interest expense and reducingasset sensitivity. While the impact related to the above assumptions used in the assetsensitivity analysis can provide directional analysis on how net interest income will beimpacted in changing environments, the ultimate impact is dependent upon theinterrelationship of the assumptions and factors, which vary in differentmacroeconomic scenarios.
Economic Value of EquityIn addition to interest rate sensitivity described above, the Corporation’s managementof its interest rate exposures in the banking book also considers a long-term view ofinterest rate sensitivity through the measurement of Economic Value of Equity (EVE).EVE captures changes in the net present value of banking book assets and liabilitiesunder various interest rate scenarios and its impact to Tier 1 capital. Similar to netinterest income, the Corporation establishes limits for EVE. EVE is largely driven bythe Corporation’s longer duration fixed-rate products, such as investment securities,residential mortgages and deposits. For assets or liabilities that have no statedmaturity, such as deposits, the Corporation estimates the duration for measurementpurposes.
Interest Rate and Foreign Exchange Derivative ContractsWe use interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts in our ALM activities tomanage our interest rate and foreign exchange risks. Specifically, we use thosederivatives to manage both the variability in cash flows and changes in fair value ofvarious assets and liabilities arising from those risks. Our interest rate derivativecontracts are generally non-leveraged swaps tied to various benchmark interest ratesand foreign exchange basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, and our foreignexchange contracts include cross-currency interest rate swaps, foreign currencyfutures contracts, foreign currency forward contracts and options.The derivatives used in our ALM activities can be split into two broad categories:designated accounting hedges and other risk management derivatives. Designatedaccounting hedges are primarily used to manage our exposure to interest rates asdescribed in the Interest Rate Risk Management for the Banking Book section and areincluded in the sensitivities presented in Table 45. The Corporation also uses foreigncurrency derivatives in accounting hedges to manage substantially all of the foreignexchange risk of our foreign operations. By hedging the foreign
Bank of America 80
exchange risk of our foreign operations, the Corporation's market risk exposure in thisarea is not significant.Risk management derivatives are predominantly used to hedge foreign exchangerisks related to various foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities andeliminate substantially all foreign currency exposures in the cash flows of theCorporation’s non-trading foreign currency-denominated financial instruments. Theseforeign exchange derivatives are sensitive to other market risk exposures such ascross-currency basis spreads and interest rate risk. However, as these features arenot a significant component of these foreign exchange derivatives, the market riskrelated to this exposure is not significant. For more information on the accounting forderivatives, see Note 3 – Derivatives to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Mortgage Banking Risk ManagementWe originate, fund and service mortgage loans, which subject us to credit, liquidityand interest rate risks, among others. We determine whether loans will be held forinvestment or held for sale at the time of commitment and manage credit and liquidityrisks by selling or securitizing a portion of the loans we originate.Interest rate risk and market risk can be substantial in the mortgage business.Changes in interest rates and other market factors impact the volume of mortgageoriginations. Changes in interest rates also impact the value of interest rate lockcommitments and the related residential first mortgage loans held-for-sale, as well asthe value of the MSRs. An increase in mortgage interest rates typically leads to adecrease in the value of these instruments. Conversely, when there is an increase ininterest rates, the value of the MSRs will increase driven by lower prepaymentexpectations. Because the interest rate risks of these hedged items offset, wecombine them into one overall hedged item with one combined economic hedgeportfolio consisting of derivative contracts and securities.
Compliance and Operational Risk ManagementCompliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss ordamage to the reputation of the Corporation arising from the failure of the Corporationto comply with the requirements of applicable LRRs and our internal policies andprocedures (collectively, applicable LRRs). We are subject to comprehensive andevolving regulation under federal and state laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. andthe laws of the various jurisdictions in which we operate, including those related tofinancial crimes and anti-money laundering, market conduct, trading activities, fairlending, privacy, data protection, development and use of AI, and unfair, deceptive orabusive acts or practices.Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internalprocesses or systems, people or external events, and includes legal risk. Operationalrisk may occur anywhere in the Corporation, including third-party business processes,and is not limited to operations functions. The Corporation faces a number of keyoperational risks including third-party risk, model risk, conduct risk, technology risk,information security risk and data risk. The pace of technological change, including inthe field of AI, may heighten risks in those areas. Operational risk can result infinancial losses and reputational impacts and is a component in the calculation of totalRWA used in the Basel 3 capital calculation. For more information on Basel 3calculations, see Capital Management on page 48.
FLUs and control functions are first and foremost responsible for managing allaspects of their businesses, including their compliance and operational risk. FLUs andcontrol functions are required to understand their business processes and relatedrisks and controls, including third-party dependencies and the related regulatoryrequirements, and monitor and report on the effectiveness of the control environment.In order to actively monitor and assess the performance of their processes andcontrols, they must conduct comprehensive quality assurance activities and identifyissues and risks to remediate control gaps and weaknesses. FLUs and controlfunctions must also adhere to compliance and operational risk appetite limits to meetstrategic, capital and financial planning objectives. Finally, FLUs and control functionsare responsible for the proactive identification, management and escalation ofcompliance and operational risks across the Corporation. Collectively, these effortsare important to strengthen their compliance and operational resiliency, which is theability to deliver critical operations through disruption. To address AI-related risks, wehave implemented internal processes and governance frameworks. These measureshelp with regulatory compliance and responsible use of AI across our operations.Global Compliance and Operational Risk teams independently assess complianceand operational risk, monitor business activities and processes and evaluate FLUsand control functions for adherence to applicable LRRs, including identifying issuesand risks, and reporting on the state of the control environment. Corporate Auditprovides an independent assessment and validation through testing of key complianceand operational risk processes and controls across the Corporation.The Corporation's Global Compliance – Enterprise Policy and Operational RiskManagement – Enterprise Policy set the requirements for reporting compliance andoperational risk information to executive management as well as the Board orappropriate Board-level committees and reflect Global Compliance and OperationalRisk’s responsibilities for conducting independent oversight of the Corporation’scompliance and operational risk management activities. The Board provides oversightof compliance risk through its Audit Committee and the ERC, and operational riskthrough its ERC.
Cybersecurity
Risk Management and StrategyCybersecurity is a key operational risk facing the Corporation. We, our employees,customers, regulators, third parties and other entities, platforms, systems andnetworks upon which we rely to operate our business are ongoing targets of anincreasing number of cybersecurity threats and cyberattacks and, accordingly, theCorporation devotes considerable resources to the establishment and maintenance ofprocesses for assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risk through itsglobal workforce and 24/7 cyber operations centers. The Corporation takes a cross-functional approach to addressing cybersecurity risk, with our Global Technology,Global Risk Management, Legal and Corporate Audit functions playing key roles. Inaddition, the Corporation’s processes related to cybersecurity risk are an element ofand integrated with the Corporation’s comprehensive risk program, including our riskframework. For more information on the Corporation’s Cybersecurity risk, see Item 1A.Risk Factors – Business Operations beginning on page 14. For more information onour approach to risk management, including our risk management governanceframework, see Managing Risk on page 45.
81 Bank of America
As part of the Corporation’s overall risk management program, the Corporation’sGlobal Information Security (GIS) Program is supported by three lines of defense. Asthe first line of defense, the GIS team is responsible for the day-to-day managementof the GIS Program, which includes defining policies and procedures designed tosafeguard the Corporation’s information systems and the information those systemscollect, process, maintain, use, share, disseminate and dispose of. As the second lineof defense, Global Compliance and Operational Risk independently assesses,monitors and tests cybersecurity risk across the Corporation, as well as theeffectiveness of the GIS Program. As the third line of defense, Corporate Auditconducts additional independent review and validation of the first-line and second-lineprocesses and functions.The Corporation seeks to mitigate cybersecurity risk and associated legal,financial, reputational, operational and/or regulatory risks by employing a multi-facetedGIS Program, through various policies and procedures, that are focused on governing,preparing for, identifying, preventing, detecting, mitigating, responding to andrecovering from cybersecurity threats and incidents, including those suffered by theCorporation and its third-party service providers, as well as effectively operating theCorporation’s processes. Our business continuity policies and procedures aredesigned to maintain the availability of business functions and enable impacted unitswithin the Corporation and its third-party service providers to achieve strategicobjectives in the event of a cybersecurity incident. In accordance with theCorporation’s cyber incident response framework, GIS, including its incident responseteam, tracks, documents, responds to and analyzes cybersecurity threats andcybersecurity incidents, including those experienced by the Corporation’s third-partyservice providers that may impact the Corporation. Additionally, the Corporation has aprocess for assembling multi-stakeholder executive response teams to monitor andcoordinate cross-functional responses to certain cybersecurity incidents.As part of the GIS Program, the Corporation leverages both internal and externalassessments and industry partnerships. The Corporation engages third-partyassessors, consultants, auditors and other third-party professionals to evaluate andtest its cybersecurity program and provide guidance on operating and improving theGIS Program, including the design and operational effectiveness of the security andresiliency of our information systems.The Corporation focuses on and has processes to oversee cybersecurity riskassociated with its third-party service providers. As part of its cybersecurity riskmanagement processes, the Corporation maintains an enterprise-wide program thatdefines standards for the planning, sourcing, management, and oversight of third-party relationships and third-party access to its information system, facilities, and/orconfidential or proprietary data. The Corporation has established securityrequirements applicable to third-party service providers, and where permitted bycontract, cybersecurity diligence is conducted to assess the alignment of third-partyservice providers’ cybersecurity programs with the Corporation’s cybersecurityrequirements.While we and our third parties have experienced cybersecurity incidents, as wellas adverse impacts from such incidents, we have not experienced material losses orother material consequences relating to cybersecurity incidents experienced by us orour third parties. However, we expect that the Corporation, our third parties, and otherentities, platforms, systems and networks upon which we rely to operate our
business will experience cybersecurity incidents resulting in adverse impacts withincreased frequency and severity due to the evolving threat environment, including theincreasing use of AI for cybersecurity threat and cyberattack purposes and campaignsinvolving nation states or their proxies, and there can be no assurance that futurecybersecurity incidents, including incidents experienced by third parties, will not havea material adverse impact on the Corporation, including its business strategy, resultsof operations and/or financial condition.
GovernanceThrough established governance structures, the Corporation has policies andprocedures to help facilitate oversight of cybersecurity risk. In accordance with thesepolicies and procedures, the Corporation’s three lines of defense, and management,strive to prepare for, identify, prevent, detect, mitigate, respond to and recover fromcybersecurity threats and incidents, monitor performance, and escalate to executivemanagement, the committees of the Corporation’s Board and/or to the Board, asappropriate. Additionally, GIS reports cybersecurity incidents that meet certain criteriato the Legal Department for evaluation of materiality and potential escalation anddisclosure, which includes the consideration of relevant quantitative and qualitativefactors.The Board is actively engaged in the oversight of the GIS Program and devotestime and attention to the oversight and mitigation of cybersecurity risk. The Board,which includes members with technology and cybersecurity experience, overseesmanagement’s approach to staffing and the policies and procedures to addresscybersecurity risk. The Board and its ERC, which is responsible for reviewingcybersecurity risk, each receive regular presentations, memoranda and reports fromour Chief Technology and Information Officer (CTIO) and our Chief InformationSecurity Officer (CISO) on internal and external cybersecurity developments, threatsand risks.The Board receives prompt and timely information from management oncybersecurity incidents, including cybersecurity incidents experienced by theCorporation’s third-party service providers, that may pose significant risk to theCorporation, and continues to receive regular reports on any such incidents until theirconclusion. Additionally, the Board receives quarterly reports on the performancemetrics for the GIS Program and the performance of the Corporation’s cybersecurityrisk appetite metrics, including metrics on vulnerabilities and third-party cybersecurityrisks and incidents, and is notified promptly if a Board-level cybersecurity risk limit isbreached.Our ERC also annually reviews and approves our GIS Program and ourInformation Security Policy, which establish administrative, technical, and physicalsafeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality, availability and integrity ofcustomer records and information in accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act andthe interagency guidelines issued thereunder, and applicable laws globally.Under the Board’s oversight, management works closely with key stakeholders,including regulators, government agencies, law enforcement, peer institutions andindustry groups, and develops and invests in talent and innovative technology in orderto better manage cybersecurity risk.Our most senior cybersecurity employees are the CTIO and CISO, who areprimarily responsible for managing and assessing cybersecurity risk. The CISOoversees a team of more than 3,400 information security professionals spanning theglobe. The CISO and the GIS senior leadership team have deep cybersecurityexpertise, with over 200 years of collective
Bank of America 82
experience working in the cybersecurity field, at the Corporation, in government, andother companies in various industries. Additionally, certain members of the GISleadership team hold leadership roles in sector-specific information and infrastructuresecurity organizations, including the Financial Services Information Sharing andAnalysis Center and the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council. Employeesacross the Corporation also play a role in protecting the Corporation fromcybersecurity threats and receive periodic training and education on cybersecurity-related topics.
Reputational Risk ManagementReputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the Corporation may materiallyimpact its financial condition. Reputational risk may result from many of theCorporation’s activities, including those related to the management of strategic,operational, compliance, liquidity, market (price and interest rate) and credit risks.The Corporation manages reputational risk through established policies andcontrols embedded throughout its business and risk management processes. Weproactively monitor and identify potential reputational risk events and have processesestablished to mitigate reputational risks in a timely manner. If reputational risk eventsoccur, we focus on remediating the underlying issue and taking action to minimizedamage to the Corporation’s reputation. The Corporation has processes in place torespond to events that give rise to reputational risk, including implementingcommunication strategies to mitigate the impact. The Corporation’s organization andgovernance structure provides oversight of reputational risks through managementand Board committees. Each FLU has an MRC that is responsible for the oversight ofreputational risk, including decisions where elevated levels of reputational risks arepresent. Additionally, reputational risk reporting is provided to senior management andthe Board regularly.
Critical Accounting EstimatesOur significant accounting principles are described in Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles to the Consolidated Financial Statements and are essential inunderstanding the MD&A. The application of the accounting principles may involve theuse of complex judgments, significant subjectivity, and extensive modeling techniquesto estimate the values of assets and liabilities, particularly those related to creditexposures, fair value measurements, and other areas sensitive to changes ineconomic, market or borrower-specific conditions. These estimates are critical to theapplication of GAAP and are essential to understanding our reported financialcondition, operating performance, and the comparability of results across reportingperiods.In developing these estimates, the Corporation employs established governanceframeworks, including formal model ‑ risk management, independent validation andinternal control processes to assess and select the relevant variables, assumptionsand inputs that most appropriately reflect reasonable expectations at the time theestimates are made. Because these estimates involve matters that may be difficult tomeasure or that are sensitive to evolving credit, economic or market conditions, actualresults may differ from estimated amounts as new information becomes available oras underlying conditions change.Key variables, assumptions and inputs used in these estimates may fluctuate afterthe balance sheet date due to changes in credit conditions, interest rates, liquiditydynamics and broader market developments, which may materially impact
our financial condition or operating performance. These changes reflect inherentuncertainty in the economic and market environment and should not be interpreted asdeficiencies in the Corporation’s models, methodologies or inputs. The Corporation’scritical accounting estimates, including the nature of the underlying estimationuncertainty and their potential effect on our results, are disclosed in the followingdiscussion.
Allowance for Credit LossesThe allowance for credit losses includes the allowance for loan and lease losses andthe reserve for unfunded lending commitments. Our process for determining theallowance for credit losses is discussed in Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles and Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance forCredit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements.The determination of the allowance for credit losses is based on numerousestimates and assumptions, which require a high degree of judgment and are ofteninterrelated. A critical judgment in the process is the weighting of our forward-lookingmacroeconomic scenarios that are incorporated into our quantitative models. As anyone economic outlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation uses multiplemacroeconomic scenarios in its CECL calculation, which have included a baselinescenario derived from consensus estimates, an adverse scenario reflecting amoderate recession, a downside scenario reflecting continued inflation, a tail riskscenario similar to the severely adverse scenario used in stress testing and an upsidescenario that considers the potential for improvement above the baseline scenario.The overall economic outlook is weighted to reflect a moderate growth environment,with lower gross domestic product (GDP) growth and higher unemployment rateexpectations as compared to what we experienced in 2025. Generally, as theconsensus estimates improve or deteriorate, the allowance for credit losses willchange in a similar direction.There are multiple variables that drive the macroeconomic scenarios with the keyvariables including, but not limited to, U.S. real GDP and unemployment rates. As ofDecember 31, 2025, the latest consensus estimate for the U.S. averageunemployment rate for the fourth quarter of 2025 was 4.5 percent, and U.S. real GDPwas forecasted to grow 1.7 percent year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2025,reflecting a strong labor market and consistent levels of growth compared to ourmacroeconomic outlook as of December 31, 2024, and were factored into ourallowance for credit losses estimate as of December 31, 2025. In addition, the tablebelow presents the weighted macroeconomic outlook for U.S. average unemploymentrate and U.S. real GDP growth rate.
Table 46 Key Allowance Variables
Quarterly Average
4Q Year 1 4Q Year 2
U.S. Unemployment
December 31, 2024 forecast 4.8 % 4.7 %
December 31, 2025 forecast 5.0 4.9
Year-Over-Year
4Q Year 1 4Q Year 2
U.S. Real GDP Growth
December 31, 2024 forecast 1.4 % 1.8 %
December 31, 2025 forecast 1.4 1.8
Represents the forecasted weighted economic outlook one and two years out from the reporting date.
(1) (1)
(1) (1)
(1)
83 Bank of America
In addition to the above judgments and estimates, the allowance for credit lossescan also be impacted by unanticipated changes in asset quality of the portfolio, suchas increases or decreases in credit and/or internal risk ratings in our commercialportfolio, improvement or deterioration in borrower delinquencies or credit scores inour credit card portfolio and increases or decreases in home prices, which is a primarydriver of LTVs, in our consumer real estate portfolio, all of which have some degree ofuncertainty. The allowance for credit losses increased $44 million from $14.3 billion atDecember 31, 2024 to $14.4 billion as of December 31, 2025, as increases in the U.S.Commercial allowance were partially offset by decreases in the credit card andcommercial real estate portfolios.To provide an illustration of the sensitivity of the macroeconomic scenarios andother assumptions on the estimate of our allowance for credit losses, the Corporationcompared the December 31, 2025 modeled CECL from the baseline scenario to ouradverse scenario. Relative to the baseline scenario, the adverse scenario assumed apeak U.S. unemployment rate of approximately two percentage points higher than thebaseline scenario, a decline in U.S. real GDP followed by a prolonged recovery and alower home price outlook with a difference of approximately 18 percent at the trough.This sensitivity analysis resulted in a hypothetical increase in the allowance for creditlosses of approximately $4.2 billion.While the sensitivity analysis may be useful to consider how changes in certainmacroeconomic assumptions could impact our baseline CECL, it should not be reliedupon as a forecast of how our allowance for credit losses is expected to change in adifferent macroeconomic outlook. Ultimately, the estimate of the allowance for creditlosses is dependent upon a variety of potential factors including, but not limited to,qualitative assessments, weighting of alternate macroeconomic scenarios andchanges in portfolio mix that would need to be considered comprehensively indetermining the allowance for credit losses. Due to the uncertainty in predicting thesefactors, they are not incorporated into the sensitivity analysis.
Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsUnder applicable accounting standards, we are required to maximize the use ofobservable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fairvalue. We classify fair value measurements of financial instruments and MSRs basedon the three-level fair value hierarchy in the accounting standards.The fair values of assets and liabilities may include adjustments, such as marketliquidity and credit quality, where appropriate. Valuations of products using models orother techniques are sensitive to assumptions used for the significant inputs. Wheremarket data is available, the inputs used for valuation reflect that information as of ourvaluation date. Inputs to valuation models are considered unobservable if they aresupported by little or no market activity. In periods of extreme volatility, lessenedliquidity or in illiquid markets, there may be more variability in market pricing or a lackof market data to use in the valuation process. In keeping with the prudent applicationof estimates and management judgment in determining the fair value of assets andliabilities, we have in place various processes and controls that include: a modelvalidation policy that requires review and approval of quantitative models used for dealpricing, financial statement fair value determination and risk quantification; a tradingproduct valuation policy that requires verification of all traded product valuations; anda periodic review and substantiation of daily profit and loss
reporting for all traded products. Primarily through validation controls, we utilize bothbroker and pricing service inputs which can and do include both market-observableand internally-modeled values and/or valuation inputs. Our reliance on this informationis affected by our understanding of how the broker and/or pricing service develops itsdata with a higher degree of reliance applied to those that are more directlyobservable and lesser reliance applied to those developed through their own internalmodeling. For example, broker quotes in less active markets may only be indicativeand therefore less reliable. These processes and controls are performedindependently of the business. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair ValueMeasurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option to the Consolidated FinancialStatements.
Level 3 Assets and LiabilitiesFinancial assets and liabilities, and MSRs, where values are based on valuationtechniques that require inputs that are both unobservable and are significant to theoverall fair value measurement are classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchyestablished in applicable accounting standards. The fair value of these Level 3financial assets and liabilities and MSRs is determined using pricing models,discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determinationof fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation.Level 3 financial instruments may be hedged with derivatives classified as Level 1or 2; therefore, gains or losses associated with Level 3 financial instruments may beoffset by gains or losses associated with financial instruments classified in other levelsof the fair value hierarchy. The Level 3 gains and losses recorded in earnings did nothave a significant impact on our liquidity or capital. We conduct a review of our fairvalue hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfers into or out of Level 3 aremade if the significant inputs used in financial models measuring the fair values of theassets and liabilities became unobservable or observable, respectively, in the currentmarketplace, or when previously insignificant unobservable and observable inputsbecome significant, respectively. For more information on transfers into and out ofLevel 3 during 2025, 2024 and 2023, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements to theConsolidated Financial Statements.
Accrued Income Taxes and Deferred Tax AssetsAccrued income taxes, reported as a component of either other assets or accruedexpenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, represent the netamount of current income taxes we expect to pay to or receive from various taxingjurisdictions attributable to our operations to date. We currently file income tax returnsin more than 60 states and municipalities and more than 40 non-U.S. jurisdictions andconsider many factors, including statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance, inestimating the appropriate accrued income taxes for each jurisdiction.Net deferred tax assets, reported as a component of other assets on theConsolidated Balance Sheet, represent the net decrease in taxes expected to be paidin the future because of net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards andbecause of future reversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets andliabilities as measured by tax laws and their bases as reported in the financialstatements. NOL and tax credit carryforwards result in reductions to future taxliabilities, and many of these attributes can expire if not utilized within certain periods.We consider the need for valuation allowances
Bank of America 84
to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amounts that we estimate are more likely thannot to be realized.Consistent with the applicable accounting guidance, we monitor relevant taxauthorities and change our estimates of accrued income taxes and/or net deferred taxassets due to changes in income tax laws and their interpretation by the courts andregulatory authorities. These revisions of our estimates, which also may result fromour income tax planning and from the resolution of income tax audit matters, may bematerial to our operating results for any given period.See Note 19 – Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a tableof significant tax attributes and additional information. For more information, see Item1A. Risk Factors – Regulatory, Compliance and Legal.
Goodwill and Intangible AssetsThe nature of and accounting for goodwill and intangible assets are discussed in Note1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 7 – Goodwill andIntangible Assets to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table 47 Goodwill by Reporting Segment
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Consumer Banking $ 30,137 $ 30,137
Global Wealth and Investment Management 9,677 9,677
Global Banking 24,026 24,026
Global Markets 5,181 5,181
Total $ 69,021 $ 69,021
We completed our annual goodwill impairment test as of June 30, 2025 using aquantitative assessment for the Consumer Banking reporting unit and a qualitativeassessment for the remaining six reporting units. The quantitative assessment wasperformed for Consumer Banking because the Corporation combined its ConsumerLending and Deposits reporting units into a single reporting unit to correspond with thechange in reporting structure that occurred in the Consumer Banking segment in thefirst quarter of 2025.
For the quantitative assessment, we compared the fair value of the reporting unitto its carrying value, as measured by allocated equity. The fair value was estimatedbased on the combination of an income approach (which utilizes the present value ofcash flows to estimate fair value) and a market multiplier approach (which utilizesobservable market prices and metrics of peer companies to estimate fair value). Thecash flows used in the income approach were based on the Corporation’s three-yearinternal forecasts along with long-term terminal growth values, which were discountedat 10.50 percent. The discount rate was derived from a capital asset pricing modelthat incorporates the risk and uncertainty in the cash flow forecasts, the financialmarkets and industries similar to the reporting units. The market multiplier approachutilized various market multiples, primarily pricing multiples, from comparable publicly-traded companies in industries similar to the reporting unit. In addition, a controlpremium was factored in based upon observed comparable premiums paid forchange-in-control transactions for financial institutions.For the qualitative assessment, we used various factors, including macroeconomicconditions and outlook, industry and market pricing multiples, financial performanceand other relevant reporting unit considerations, to support that it is not more likelythan not that the fair value of the reporting units is less than the reporting units’carrying value.Based on our assessments, we have concluded that none of our reporting unitsare at risk of impairment, as each of the reporting units’ fair values are substantially inexcess of their carrying values.
Certain Contingent LiabilitiesFor more information on the complex judgments associated with certain contingentliabilities, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies to the ConsolidatedFinancial Statements.
85 Bank of America
Non-GAAP ReconciliationsTables 48 and 49 provide reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures.
Table 48 Annual Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures
(Dollars in millions, shares in thousands) 2025 2024 2023
Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity to average tangible shareholders’ equity and average tangible common shareholders’ equity
Shareholders’ equity $ 298,474 $ 292,467 $ 281,861
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,022)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,883) (1,961) (2,039)
Related deferred tax liabilities 841 866 893
Tangible shareholders’ equity $ 228,411 $ 222,351 $ 211,693
Preferred stock (24,039) (26,487) (28,397)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity $ 204,372 $ 195,864 $ 183,296
Reconciliation of year-end shareholders’ equity to year-end tangible shareholders’ equity and year-end tangible common shareholders’ equity
Shareholders’ equity $ 303,243 $ 293,963 $ 290,209
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,021)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,841) (1,919) (1,997)
Related deferred tax liabilities 825 851 874
Tangible shareholders’ equity $ 233,206 $ 223,874 $ 220,065
Preferred stock (25,992) (23,159) (28,397)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity $ 207,214 $ 200,715 $ 191,668
Reconciliation of year-end assets to year-end tangible assets
Assets $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299 $ 3,180,515
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,021)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,841) (1,919) (1,997)
Related deferred tax liabilities 825 851 874
Tangible assets $ 3,341,701 $ 3,191,210 $ 3,110,371
Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31.
Table 49 Quarterly Reconciliations to GAAP Financial Measures
2025 Quarters 2024 Quarters
(Dollars in millions) Fourth Third Second First Fourth Third Second First
Reconciliation of average shareholders’ equity toaverage tangible shareholders’ equity andaverage tangible common shareholders’ equity
Shareholders’ equity $ 303,873 $ 300,381 $ 295,329 $ 294,187 $ 293,398 $ 293,431 $ 291,943 $ 291,074
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,853) (1,873) (1,893) (1,912) (1,932) (1,951) (1,971) (1,990)
Related deferred tax liabilities 827 839 846 851 859 864 869 874
Tangible shareholders’ equity $ 233,826 $ 230,326 $ 225,261 $ 224,105 $ 223,304 $ 223,323 $ 221,820 $ 220,937
Preferred stock (25,992) (25,232) (22,573) (22,307) (23,493) (25,984) (28,113) (28,397)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity $ 207,834 $ 205,094 $ 202,688 $ 201,798 $ 199,811 $ 197,339 $ 193,707 $ 192,540
Reconciliation of period-end shareholders’ equity toperiod-end tangible shareholders’ equity andperiod-end tangible common shareholders’ equity
Shareholders’ equity $ 303,243 $ 302,437 $ 298,021 $ 293,949 $ 293,963 $ 294,774 $ 292,340 $ 292,094
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,841) (1,860) (1,880) (1,899) (1,919) (1,938) (1,958) (1,977)
Related deferred tax liabilities 825 828 842 846 851 859 864 869
Tangible shareholders’ equity $ 233,206 $ 232,384 $ 227,962 $ 223,875 $ 223,874 $ 224,674 $ 222,225 $ 221,965
Preferred stock (25,992) (25,992) (23,495) (20,499) (23,159) (24,554) (26,548) (28,397)
Tangible common shareholders’ equity $ 207,214 $ 206,392 $ 204,467 $ 203,376 $ 200,715 $ 200,120 $ 195,677 $ 193,568
Reconciliation of period-end assets to period-endtangible assets
Assets $ 3,411,738 $ 3,403,149 $ 3,440,798 $ 3,349,039 $ 3,261,299 $ 3,323,917 $ 3,257,896 $ 3,273,884
Goodwill (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021) (69,021)
Intangible assets (excluding MSRs) (1,841) (1,860) (1,880) (1,899) (1,919) (1,938) (1,958) (1,977)
Related deferred tax liabilities 825 828 842 846 851 859 864 869
Tangible assets $ 3,341,701 $ 3,333,096 $ 3,370,739 $ 3,278,965 $ 3,191,210 $ 3,253,817 $ 3,187,781 $ 3,203,755
Presents reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures to GAAP financial measures. For more information on non-GAAP financial measures and ratios we use in assessing the results of the Corporation, see Supplemental Financial Data on page 31.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 86
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market RiskSee Market Risk Management on page 75 in the MD&A and the sections referenced therein for Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Table of Contents
Page
Consolidated Statement of Income 91Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 91Consolidated Balance Sheet 92Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity 93Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 94Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles 95Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income 104Note 3 – Derivatives 105Note 4 – Securities 113Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit Losses 116Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities 127Note 7 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets 131Note 8 – Leases 132Note 9 – Deposits 133
Note 10 – Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash 134Note 11 – Long-term Debt 136Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies 137Note 13 – Shareholders’ Equity 142Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 144Note 15 – Earnings Per Common Share 145Note 16 – Regulatory Requirements and Restrictions 145Note 17 – Employee Benefit Plans 147Note 18 – Stock-based Compensation Plans 151Note 19 – Income Taxes 151Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements 153Note 21 – Fair Value Option 162Note 22 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments 164Note 23 – Business Segment Information 165Note 24 – Parent Company Information 169Note 25 – Performance by Geographical Area 170Glossary 171Acronyms 173
87 Bank of America
Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The management of Bank of America Corporation is responsible for establishing andmaintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed toprovide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and thepreparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance withaccounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. TheCorporation’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies andprocedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of theCorporation; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded asnecessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accountingprinciples generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts andexpenditures of the Corporation are being made only in accordance withauthorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (iii) providereasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorizedacquisition, use, or disposition of the Corporation’s assets that could have a materialeffect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may notprevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectivenessto future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate becauseof changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies orprocedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control overfinancial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on the framework set forth by theCommittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in InternalControl – Integrated Framework (2013). Based on that assessment, managementconcluded that, as of December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s internal control overfinancial reporting is effective.The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered publicaccounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report which expresses anunqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control overfinancial reporting as of December 31, 2025.
Brian T. MoynihanChair and Chief Executive Officer
Alastair M. BorthwickExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Bank of America 88
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Bank of AmericaCorporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control overFinancial ReportingWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bank of AmericaCorporation and its subsidiaries (the “Corporation”) as of December 31, 2025 and2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income,of changes in shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in theperiod ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes (collectively referred toas the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Corporation'sinternal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteriaestablished in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by theCommittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above presentfairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Corporation as ofDecember 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows foreach of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity withaccounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in ouropinion, the Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal controlover financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established inInternal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for OpinionsThe Corporation’s management is responsible for these consolidated financialstatements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for itsassessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included inReport of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing underItem 8. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Corporation’s consolidatedfinancial statements and on the Corporation's internal control over financial reportingbased on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PublicCompany Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required tobe independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with the U.S. federalsecurities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities andExchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Thosestandards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assuranceabout whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financialreporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidatedfinancial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of materialmisstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures includedexamining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in theconsolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accountingprinciples used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluatingthe overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal controlover financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, andtesting and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control basedon the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures aswe considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide areasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over FinancialReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to providereasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and thepreparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generallyaccepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reportingincludes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of recordsthat, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositionsof the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions arerecorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordancewith generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures ofthe company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of managementand directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regardingprevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of thecompany’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may notprevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectivenessto future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate becauseof changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies orprocedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit MattersThe critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the currentperiod audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated orrequired to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts ordisclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involvedour especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication ofcritical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidatedfinancial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the criticalaudit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on theaccounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses - Commercial and Consumer CardLoansAs described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the allowancefor loan and lease losses represents management’s estimate of current expectedcredit losses (CECL) in the Corporation’s loan and lease portfolio, excluding loans andunfunded lending commitments accounted for under the fair value option. As ofDecember 31, 2025, the allowance for loan and lease losses was $13.2 billion on totalloans and leases of $1,182.2 billion, which excludes loans accounted for under the fairvalue option. For commercial and consumer card loans, CECL is typically estimatedusing quantitative methods
89 Bank of America
that consider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current creditquality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. In itsloss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward looking informationthrough the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecasted life of theassets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that have historically beenkey drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. These variables include, butare not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, gross domestic productgrowth rates and corporate bond spreads. The scenarios that are chosen and theweighting given to each scenario depend on a variety of factors including recenteconomic events, leading economic indicators, views of internal as well as third-partyeconomists and industry trends. Also included in the allowance for loan and leaselosses are qualitative reserves to cover losses that are expected but, in theCorporation's assessment, may not be adequately reflected in the quantitativemethods or the economic assumptions. Factors that the Corporation considers includechanges in lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and sizeof the portfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans andnonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal andregulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers theinherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data.The principal considerations for our determination that performing proceduresrelating to the allowance for loan and lease losses for the commercial and consumercard portfolios is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment and estimationby management in developing lifetime economic forecast scenarios and relatedweightings to each scenario, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment,subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and in evaluating audit evidenceobtained, and (ii) the audit effort involved professionals with specialized skill andknowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating auditevidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financialstatements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating tothe allowance for loan and lease losses, including controls over the evaluation andapproval of models, forecast scenarios and related weightings, and qualitativereserves. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’sprocess for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses, including (i) evaluatingthe appropriateness of the loss forecast models and methodology, (ii) evaluating thereasonableness of certain macroeconomic variables, (iii) evaluating thereasonableness of management’s development, selection and weighting of lifetimeeconomic forecast scenarios used in the loss forecast models, (iv) testing thecompleteness and accuracy of data used in the estimate, and (v) evaluating thereasonableness of certain qualitative reserves made to the model output results todetermine the overall allowance for loan and lease losses. The procedures alsoincluded the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge toassist in evaluating the appropriateness of certain loss forecast models, thereasonableness of economic forecast scenarios and related weightings and thereasonableness of certain qualitative reserves.
Charlotte, North CarolinaFebruary 25, 2026
We have served as the Corporation’s auditor since 1958.
Bank of America 90
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Income
(In millions, except per share information) 2025 2024 2023
Net interest income
Interest income $ 138,566 $ 146,607 $ 130,262
Interest expense 78,470 90,547 73,331
Net interest income 60,096 56,060 56,931
Noninterest income
Fees and commissions 39,402 36,291 32,009
Market making and similar activities 12,014 12,967 12,732
Other income (loss) 1,585 538 1,097
Total noninterest income 53,001 49,796 45,838
Total revenue, net of interest expense 113,097 105,856 102,769
Provision for credit losses 5,675 5,821 4,394
Noninterest expense
Compensation and benefits 42,346 40,182 38,330
Information processing and communications 7,453 7,231 6,707
Occupancy and equipment 7,448 7,289 7,164
Product delivery and transaction related 3,924 3,494 3,608
Professional fees 2,580 2,669 2,159
Marketing 2,204 1,956 1,927
Other general operating 3,772 3,991 5,950
Total noninterest expense 69,727 66,812 65,845
Income before income taxes 37,695 33,223 32,530
Income tax expense 7,186 6,250 6,225
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Preferred stock dividends 1,454 1,629 1,649
Net income applicable to common shareholders $ 29,055 $ 25,344 $ 24,656
Per common share information
Earnings $ 3.86 $ 3.23 $ 3.07
Diluted earnings 3.81 3.19 3.05
Average common shares issued and outstanding 7,521.9 7,855.5 8,028.6
Average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 7,680.9 7,935.8 8,080.5

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Other comprehensive income (loss), net-of-tax:
Net change in debt securities 1,156 158 573
Net change in debit valuation adjustments (329) (127) (686)
Net change in derivatives 3,590 2,428 3,919
Employee benefit plan adjustments 319 131 (439)
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 23 (87) 1
Other comprehensive income (loss) 4,759 2,503 3,368
Comprehensive income $ 35,268 $ 29,476 $ 29,673
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
91 Bank of America
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheet
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Assets
Cash and due from banks $ 28,595 $ 26,003
Interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks 203,250 264,111
Cash and cash equivalents 231,845 290,114
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments 7,474 6,372
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (includes $185,491 and $144,501 measured at fair value) 316,578 274,709
Trading account assets (includes $185,869 and $170,328 pledged as collateral) 366,954 314,460
Derivative assets 40,881 40,948
Debt securities:
Carried at fair value 402,975 358,607
Held-to-maturity, at cost (fair value $442,430 and $450,548) 522,660 558,677
Total debt securities 925,635 917,284
Loans and leases (includes $3,498 and $4,249 measured at fair value) 1,185,700 1,095,835
Allowance for loan and lease losses (13,203) (13,240)
Loans and leases, net of allowance 1,172,497 1,082,595
Premises and equipment, net 12,516 12,168
Goodwill 69,021 69,021
Loans held-for-sale (includes $2,271 and $2,214 measured at fair value) 5,165 9,545
Customer and other receivables 98,186 82,247
Other assets (includes $9,058 and $13,176 measured at fair value) 164,986 161,836
Total assets $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299
Liabilities
Deposits in U.S. offices:
Noninterest-bearing $ 517,834 $ 507,561
Interest-bearing (includes $1,223 and $310 measured at fair value) 1,361,177 1,329,014
Deposits in non-U.S. offices:
Noninterest-bearing 14,216 16,297
Interest-bearing 125,502 112,595
Total deposits 2,018,729 1,965,467
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase (includes $223,067 and $192,859 measured at fair value) 344,716 331,758
Trading account liabilities 105,996 92,543
Derivative liabilities 42,076 39,353
Short-term borrowings (includes $8,051 and $6,245 measured at fair value) 48,088 43,391
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (includes $8,996 and $13,199 measured at fair value and $1,177 and $1,096 of reserve for unfunded lending commitments) 231,074 211,545
Long-term debt (includes $72,591 and $50,005 measured at fair value) 317,816 283,279
Total liabilities 3,108,495 2,967,336
Commitments and contingencies (Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities and Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies)
Shareholders’ equity
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value; authorized – 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 3,991,164 and 3,877,917 shares 25,992 23,159
Common stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.01 par value; authorized – 12,800,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding – 7,212,464,345 and 7,610,862,311 shares 26,084 45,336
Retained earnings 261,693 240,753
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (10,526) (15,285)
Total shareholders’ equity 303,243 293,963
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299
Assets of consolidated variable interest entities included in total assets above (isolated to settle the liabilities of the variable interest entities)
Trading account assets $ 7,139 $ 5,575
Loans and leases 17,875 19,144
Allowance for loan and lease losses (871) (919)
Loans and leases, net of allowance 17,004 18,225
All other assets 709 319
Total assets of consolidated variable interest entities $ 24,852 $ 24,119
Liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities included in total liabilities above
Short-term borrowings (includes $0 and $0 of non-recourse short-term borrowings) $ 5,779 $ 3,329
Long-term debt (includes $6,847 and $8,457 of non-recourse debt) 6,847 8,457
All other liabilities (includes $18 and $21 of non-recourse liabilities) 18 21
Total liabilities of consolidated variable interest entities $ 12,644 $ 11,807
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of America 92
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
PreferredStock
Common Stock andAdditional Paid-in Capital RetainedEarnings
AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome (Loss)
TotalShareholders’Equity(In millions) Shares Amount
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ 28,397 7,996.8 $ 58,953 $ 207,003 $ (21,156) $ 273,197
Cumulative adjustment for adoption of credit loss accounting standard 184 184
Cumulative adjustment for tax-related equity investment accounting changes (1,227) (1,227)
Net income 26,305 26,305
Net change in debt securities 573 573
Net change in debit valuation adjustments (686) (686)
Net change in derivatives 3,919 3,919
Employee benefit plan adjustments (439) (439)
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 1 1
Dividends declared:
Common (7,374) (7,374)
Preferred (1,649) (1,649)
Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 45.4 1,988 (7) 1,981
Common stock repurchased (146.7) (4,576) (4,576)
Balance, December 31, 2023 $ 28,397 7,895.5 $ 56,365 $ 223,235 $ (17,788) $ 290,209
Net income 26,973 26,973
Net change in debt securities 158 158
Net change in debit valuation adjustments (127) (127)
Net change in derivatives 2,428 2,428
Employee benefit plan adjustments 131 131
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments (87) (87)
Dividends declared:
Common (7,822) (7,822)
Preferred (1,613) (1,613)
Redemption of preferred stock (5,238) (16) (5,254)
Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 46.9 2,075 (4) 2,071
Common stock repurchased (331.5) (13,104) (13,104)
Balance, December 31, 2024 $ 23,159 7,610.9 $ 45,336 $ 240,753 $ (15,285) $ 293,963
Net income 30,509 30,509
Net change in debt securities 1,156 1,156
Net change in debit valuation adjustments (329) (329)
Net change in derivatives 3,590 3,590
Employee benefit plan adjustments 319 319
Net change in foreign currency translation adjustments 23 23
Dividends declared:
Common (8,083) (8,083)
Preferred (1,445) (1,445)
Issuance of preferred stock 5,493 5,493
Redemption of preferred stock (2,660) (9) (2,669)
Common stock issued under employee plans, net, and other 53.5 2,181 (32) 2,149
Common stock repurchased (451.9) (21,433) (21,433)
Balance, December 31, 2025 $ 25,992 7,212.5 $ 26,084 $ 261,693 $ (10,526) $ 303,243
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
93 Bank of America
Bank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Operating activities
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Provision for credit losses 5,675 5,821 4,394
Losses on sales of debt securities 20 29 405
Depreciation and amortization 2,314 2,189 2,057
Net accretion of discount/premium on debt securities (859) (330) (397)
Deferred income taxes 295 (1,127) (1,012)
Amortization of stock-based compensation 4,001 3,433 2,942
Net change in:
Trading and derivative assets/liabilities (35,027) (45,504) 44,391
Loans held-for-sale 4,215 (4,321) 641
Other assets (19,584) (4,515) (24,304)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 17,315 1,025 (18,148)
Other operating activities, net 3,739 7,522 7,708
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 12,613 (8,805) 44,982
Investing activities
Net change in:
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments (1,102) 1,974 (1,087)
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell (45,856) 8,415 (13,050)
Debt securities carried at fair value:
Proceeds from sales 129,779 69,925 101,165
Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 100,313 237,939 148,699
Purchases (263,483) (390,911) (290,959)
Held-to-maturity debt securities:
Proceeds from paydowns and maturities 34,794 34,591 36,955
Purchases — — (98)
Loans and leases:
Proceeds from sales of loans originally classified as held for investment and instrumentsfrom related securitization activities 9,592 9,565 11,081
Purchases (14,315) (5,470) (5,351)
Other changes in loans and leases, net (90,548) (52,576) (17,484)
Other investing activities, net (4,331) (4,145) (5,258)
Net cash used in investing activities (145,157) (90,693) (35,387)
Financing activities
Net change in:
Deposits 53,262 41,640 (6,514)
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase 16,945 47,871 88,252
Short-term borrowings 4,690 12,574 5,162
Long-term debt:
Proceeds from issuance 99,867 56,683 65,396
Retirement (76,031) (70,411) (44,571)
Preferred stock:
Proceeds from issuance 5,493 — —
Redemption (2,669) (5,254) —
Common stock repurchased (21,433) (13,104) (4,576)
Cash dividends paid (9,563) (9,503) (9,087)
Other financing activities, net (613) (127) (717)
Net cash provided by financing activities 69,948 60,369 93,345
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 4,327 (3,830) (70)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (58,269) (42,959) 102,870
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 290,114 333,073 230,203
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 $ 231,845 $ 290,114 $ 333,073
Supplemental cash flow disclosures
Interest paid $ 79,065 $ 89,687 $ 69,604
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Bank of America 94
Bank of America Corporation and SubsidiariesNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements
NOTE 1 Summary of Significant Accounting PrinciplesBank of America Corporation, a bank holding company and a financial holdingcompany, provides a diverse range of financial services and products throughout theU.S. and in certain international markets. The term “the Corporation” as used hereinmay refer to Bank of America Corporation, individually, Bank of America Corporationand its subsidiaries, or certain of Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries oraffiliates.
Principles of Consolidation and Basis of PresentationThe Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Corporation andits majority-owned subsidiaries and those variable interest entities (VIEs) where theCorporation is the primary beneficiary. Intercompany accounts and transactions havebeen eliminated. Results of operations of acquired companies are included from thedates of acquisition, and for VIEs, from the dates that the Corporation became theprimary beneficiary. Assets held in an agency or fiduciary capacity are not included inthe Consolidated Financial Statements.The preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity withaccounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requiresmanagement to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts anddisclosures. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates andassumptions.
Change in Accounting PolicyEffective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation has elected to change itsaccounting methods related to its affordable housing, eligible wind renewable energyand solar renewable energy equity investments. The Corporation determined that thenew accounting methods are preferable as they better align the financial statementpresentation with the economic impact of the tax-related equity investments.For its affordable housing and eligible wind renewable energy equity investments,the Corporation changed its accounting from the equity method of accounting to theproportional amortization method. For its solar renewable energy equity investments,the Corporation changed its accounting for the investment tax credits (ITCs) to thedeferral method, where previously the ITCs and applicable equity investment costswere recognized when the underlying facilities were placed in service. The newaccounting methods are described more fully herein within the Equity Securitiessection of the Significant Accounting Principles.The accounting changes were applied retrospectively to the earliest periodpresented, resulting in a cumulative adjustment that decreased retained earnings by$1.2 billion as of January 1, 2023. In addition, the accounting changes had aninsignificant impact on net income on an annualized basis.
Significant Accounting Principles
Cash and Cash EquivalentsCash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, cash items in the process ofcollection, cash segregated under federal and other brokerage regulations, andamounts due from correspondent banks, the Federal Reserve Bank and certain non-U.S. central banks. Certain cash balances are restricted as to withdrawal or usage bylegally binding contractual agreements or regulatory requirements.
Securities Financing AgreementsSecurities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned orsold under agreements to repurchase (securities financing agreements) are treated ascollateralized financing transactions except in instances where the transaction isrequired to be accounted for as individual sale and purchase transactions. Generally,these agreements are recorded at acquisition or sale price plus accrued interest. Ininstances where the interest is negative, the Corporation’s policy is to presentnegative interest on financial assets as interest income and negative interest onfinancial liabilities as interest expense. For securities financing agreements that areaccounted for under the fair value option, the changes in the fair value of thesesecurities financing agreements are recorded in market making and similar activities inthe Consolidated Statement of Income.The Corporation’s policy is to monitor the market value of the principal amountloaned under resale agreements and obtain collateral from or return collateral pledgedto counterparties when appropriate. Securities financing agreements do not creatematerial credit risk due to these collateral provisions; therefore, any allowance for loanlosses is insignificant.In transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lendingagreement and receives securities that can be pledged or sold as collateral, itrecognizes an asset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, representing thesecurities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return thosesecurities.
Trading InstrumentsFinancial instruments utilized in trading activities are carried at fair value. Fair value isgenerally based on quoted market prices for the same or similar assets and liabilities.If these market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on dealerquotes, pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniqueswhere the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment orestimation. Realized gains and losses are recorded on a trade-date basis. Realizedand unrealized gains and losses are recognized in market making and similaractivities.
Derivatives and Hedging ActivitiesDerivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or to support riskmanagement activities. Derivatives used in risk management activities includederivatives that are both designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships andderivatives used to hedge market risks in relationships that are not designated inqualifying accounting hedge relationships (referred to as other risk managementactivities). The Corporation manages interest rate and foreign currency exchange ratesensitivity predominantly through the use of derivatives. Derivatives utilized by theCorporation include swaps, futures and forward settlement contracts, and optioncontracts.All derivatives are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value,taking into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreementsthat allow the Corporation to settle positive and negative positions and offset cashcollateral held with the same counterparty on a net basis. For exchange-tradedcontracts, fair value is based on quoted market prices in active or inactive markets oris derived from observable market-based pricing parameters, similar to those appliedto over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives. For non-exchange traded contracts, fair valueis based on dealer quotes, pricing
95 Bank of America
models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which thedetermination of fair value may require significant management judgment orestimation.Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the fair value of the instrumentincluding counterparty credit risk and the Corporation’s own credit standing, asapplicable.
Trading Derivatives and Other Risk Management ActivitiesDerivatives held for trading purposes are included in derivative assets or derivativeliabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with changes in fair value included inmarket making and similar activities.Derivatives used for other risk management activities are included in derivativeassets or derivative liabilities. Derivatives used in other risk management activitieshave not been designated in qualifying accounting hedge relationships because theydid not qualify or the risk that is being mitigated pertains to an item that is reported atfair value through earnings so that the effect of measuring the derivative instrumentand the asset or liability to which the risk exposure pertains will offset in theConsolidated Statement of Income to the extent effective. The changes in the fairvalue of derivatives that serve to mitigate certain risks associated with mortgageservicing rights (MSRs), interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) and first-lienmortgage loans held-for-sale (LHFS) that are originated by the Corporation arerecorded in other income. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that serve tomitigate interest rate risk and foreign currency risk are included in market making andsimilar activities. Credit derivatives are also used by the Corporation to mitigate therisk associated with various credit exposures. The changes in the fair value of thesederivatives are included in market making and similar activities and other income.
Derivatives Used For Hedge Accounting Purposes(Accounting Hedges)For accounting hedges, the Corporation formally documents at inception allrelationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the riskmanagement objectives and strategies for undertaking various accounting hedges.The Corporation primarily uses regression analysis at the inception of a hedge and foreach reporting period thereafter to assess whether the derivative used in anaccounting hedge transaction is expected to be and has been highly effective inoffsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of a hedged item or forecastedtransaction. The Corporation discontinues hedge accounting when it is determinedthat a derivative is not expected to be or has ceased to be highly effective as a hedge.Additionally, the Corporation may choose to discontinue a hedge relationship at anytime.Fair value hedges are used to protect against changes in the fair value of theCorporation’s assets and liabilities that are attributable to interest rate or foreignexchange volatility. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as fair valuehedges are recorded in earnings, together and in the same income statement line itemwith changes in the fair value of the related hedged item. If a derivative instrument in afair value hedge is terminated or the hedge designation removed, the previousadjustments to the carrying value of the hedged asset or liability are subsequentlyaccounted for in the same manner as other components of the carrying value of thatasset or liability. For interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, suchadjustments are amortized to earnings over the remaining life of the respective assetor liability.Cash flow hedges are used primarily to minimize the variability in cash flows ofassets and liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by interest rate or foreignexchange rate
fluctuations. The Corporation also uses cash flow hedges to hedge the price riskassociated with deferred compensation. Changes in the fair value of derivatives usedin cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (OCI)and are reclassified into the line item in the income statement in which the hedgeditem is recorded in the same period the hedged item affects earnings. Components ofa derivative that are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness are recorded in thesame income statement line item as the hedged item.Net investment hedges are used to manage the foreign exchange rate sensitivityarising from a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in the spot prices ofderivatives that are designated as net investment hedges of foreign operations arerecorded as a component of accumulated OCI. The remaining components of thesederivatives are excluded in assessing hedge effectiveness and are recorded in marketmaking and similar activities.
Debt SecuritiesThe Corporation purchases debt securities for trading purposes as well as for use inthe Corporation’s asset and liability management (ALM) activities. These debtsecurities are reported and measured on the Consolidated Balance Sheet based onmanagement’s intent to hold the securities as follows:
Debt Securities Carried at Fair ValueDebt securities carried at fair value consist of debt securities classified as available forsale (AFS) and other debt securities carried at fair value. AFS debt securities are debtsecurities that are not intended to be held until maturity or for trading purposes andare recognized on their trade date and carried at fair value with unrealized gains andlosses, net-of-tax, included in accumulated OCI. Other debt securities carried at fairvalue are debt securities where the Corporation has elected to carry at fair value withunrealized gains and losses included in market making and similar activities. Interest,including amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is included in interestincome. Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted to interest income at aconstant effective yield over the contractual lives of the securities. Realized gains andlosses from the sales or dispositions of debt securities are determined using thespecific identification method.The Corporation evaluates each AFS debt security where the value has declinedbelow amortized cost. If the Corporation intends to sell or believes it is more likelythan not that it will be required to sell the debt security, it is written down to fair valuethrough other income.The Corporation evaluates AFS debt securities for current expected credit losses(CECL). For debt securities guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. governmentagencies or sovereign entities of high credit quality, the Corporation applies a zerocredit loss assumption. For the remaining AFS debt securities, the Corporationconsiders qualitative parameters such as internal and external credit ratings and thevalue of underlying collateral. If an AFS debt security fails any of the qualitativeparameters, the Corporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate anycredit losses to determine if a portion of the unrealized loss is a result of a CECL. TheCorporation will then recognize either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit lossexpense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securitiesvaluation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses. If any of thedecline in fair value is related to market factors, that amount is recognized inaccumulated OCI. In certain instances, the credit loss may
Bank of America 96
exceed the total decline in fair value, in which case, the allowance recorded is limitedto the difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the asset.
Held-to-Maturity Debt SecuritiesHeld-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities are debt securities that management has theintent and ability to hold to maturity and are recognized at their trade date andreported at amortized cost. Interest is recognized in the same manner as debtsecurities carried at fair value. For certain U.S. Agency mortgage-backed-securities, ifmore than 85 percent of the principal has been collected on level-payment mortgage-backed debt securities since their acquisition, the HTM debt securities, if disposed,are treated as matured for classification purposes. The Corporation separatelyevaluates its HTM debt securities for any credit losses, of which substantially allqualify for the zero-loss credit assumption. For the remaining securities, theCorporation performs a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate any credit losses,which are then recognized as either credit loss expense or a reversal of credit lossexpense in other income for the amount necessary to adjust the debt securitiesvaluation allowance to its current estimate of expected credit losses.
Equity SecuritiesThe Corporation makes strategic investments through the acquisition of equitysecurities that are reported and measured on the Consolidated Balance Sheet asfollows:
Equity Method InvestmentsInvestments in companies for which the Corporation has the ability to exercisesignificant influence over operating and financing decisions are accounted for underthe equity method of accounting. Under this method, the Corporation initially recordsthe investment at cost and subsequently adjusts the carrying amount for its share ofthe investee’s earnings or losses and OCI, as well as for any dividends received. TheCorporation’s share of earnings (losses) from these investments is included in otherincome. The carrying value of the equity method investments is subject to impairmenttesting. If an equity method investment is impaired, the loss on the investment isrecorded in other income.
Investment in Equity SecuritiesEquity securities that have readily determinable fair values that are not held for tradingpurposes are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in otherincome. For equity securities without a readily determinable fair value, the investmentis recorded at cost and the carrying value is adjusted for impairment, if any, plus orminus changes in value resulting from observable price changes in orderlytransactions for identical or similar instruments of the same issuer. Adjustments to fairvalue, dividends and distributions received on these investments are included in otherincome.
Tax-related Equity investmentsThe Corporation holds equity investments in unconsolidated limited partnerships andsimilar entities that construct, own and operate affordable housing and renewableenergy projects that generate income tax credits and other income tax benefits. Thesetax-related equity investments are included in other assets on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheet.For those that qualify, the Corporation accounts for its investments in affordablehousing that generate low-income housing tax credits (LIHTCs) and wind renewableenergy entities that generate production tax credits (PTCs) under the
proportional amortization method. Under this method, the investment is initiallyrecorded at cost and subsequently amortized in proportion to the income tax creditsand other income tax benefits received over the life of the investment. Amortization ofthe investment cost and the recognition of income tax credits are presented net withinincome tax expense. Investments accounted for using the proportional amortizationmethod are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that it ismore likely than not that the carrying value will not be recovered. If an impairment isidentified, the carrying amount of the investment is written down to the amountexpected to be recovered, with the impairment recognized as a component of incometax expense.The Corporation accounts for its investments in solar renewable energy entitiesthat generate ITCs under the deferral method. Under this method, the income taxcredits and applicable equity investment cost are deferred and amortized over theproductive life of the underlying facilities. The amortization of the income tax creditsand investment expense are presented net within other income.
Loans and LeasesLoans, with the exception of loans accounted for under the fair value option, arereported at their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income, charge-offs, unamortized deferred fees and costs on originated loans, and for purchasedloans, net of any unamortized premiums or discounts. Loan origination fees andcertain direct origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interestincome over the lives of the related loans. Unearned income, discounts and premiumsare amortized to interest income using a constant effective yield methodology. TheCorporation elects to account for certain consumer and commercial loans under thefair value option with interest reported in interest income and changes in fair valuereported in market making and similar activities or other income.Under applicable accounting guidance, for reporting purposes, the loan and leaseportfolio is categorized by portfolio segment and, within each portfolio segment, byclass of financing receivable. A portfolio segment is defined as the level at which anentity develops and documents a systematic methodology to determine the allowancefor credit losses, and a class of financing receivable is defined as the level ofdisaggregation of portfolio segments based on the initial measurement attribute, riskcharacteristics and methods for assessing risk. The Corporation’s three portfoliosegments are Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, andCommercial. The classes within the Consumer Real Estate portfolio segment areresidential mortgage and home equity. The classes within the Credit Card and OtherConsumer portfolio segment are credit card, direct/indirect consumer and otherconsumer. The classes within the Commercial portfolio segment are U.S. commercial,non-U.S. commercial, commercial real estate, commercial lease financing and U.S.small business commercial.
LeasesThe Corporation provides equipment financing to its customers through a variety oflessor arrangements. Direct financing leases and sales-type leases are carried at theaggregate of lease payments receivable plus the estimated residual value of theleased property less unearned income, which is accreted to interest income over thelease terms using methods that approximate the interest method. Operating leaseincome is recognized on a straight-line basis in other income. The
97 Bank of America
Corporation's lease arrangements generally do not contain non-lease components.
Allowance for Credit LossesCECL on funded consumer and commercial loans and leases is referred to as theallowance for loan and lease losses and is reported separately as a contra-asset toloans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. CECL for unfunded lendingcommitments, including home equity lines of credit (HELOCs), standby letters of credit(SBLCs) and binding unfunded loan commitments is reported on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheet in accrued expenses and other liabilities. The provision for creditlosses related to the loan and lease portfolio and unfunded lending commitments isreported in the Consolidated Statement of Income at the amount necessary to adjustthe allowance for credit losses to the current estimate of CECL.For loans and leases, CECL is typically estimated using quantitative methods thatconsider a variety of factors such as historical loss experience, the current creditquality of the portfolio as well as an economic outlook over the life of the loan. The lifeof the loan for closed-ended products is based on the contractual maturity of the loanadjusted for any expected prepayments. The contractual maturity includes anyextension options that are at the sole discretion of the borrower. For open- endedproducts (e.g., lines of credit), CECL is determined based on the maximum repaymentterm associated with future draws from credit lines unless those lines of credit areunconditionally cancellable (e.g., credit cards) in which case the Corporation does notrecord any allowance.In its loss forecasting framework, the Corporation incorporates forward-lookinginformation through the use of macroeconomic scenarios applied over the forecastedlife of the assets. These macroeconomic scenarios include variables that havehistorically been key drivers of increases and decreases in credit losses. Thesevariables include, but are not limited to, unemployment rates, real estate prices, grossdomestic product growth rates and corporate bond spreads. As any one economicoutlook is inherently uncertain, the Corporation leverages multiple scenarios. Thescenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenariodepend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economicindicators, views of internal and third-party economists and industry trends.The estimate of credit losses includes expected recoveries of amounts previouslycharged off (i.e., negative allowance). If a loan has been charged off, the expectedcash flows on the loan are not limited by the current amortized cost balance. Instead,expected cash flows can be assumed up to the unpaid principal balance immediatelyprior to the charge-off.Included in the allowance for loan and lease losses are qualitative reserves tocover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation's assessment, may not beadequately reflected in the quantitative methods or the economic assumptionsdescribed above. For example, factors that the Corporation considers include changesin lending policies and procedures, business conditions, the nature and size of theportfolio, portfolio concentrations, the volume and severity of past due loans andnonaccrual loans, the effect of external factors such as competition, and legal andregulatory requirements, among others. Further, the Corporation considers theinherent uncertainty in quantitative models that are built on historical data.With the exception of the Corporation's credit card portfolio, the Corporation doesnot include reserves for interest receivable in the measurement of the allowance forcredit losses as the
Corporation generally classifies consumer loans as nonperforming at 90 days pastdue and reverses interest income for these loans at that time. For credit card loans,the Corporation reserves for interest and fees as part of the allowance for loan andlease losses. Upon charge-off of a credit card loan, the Corporation reverses theinterest and fee income against the income statement line item where it was originallyrecorded.The Corporation has identified the following three portfolio segments andmeasures the allowance for credit losses using the following methods.
Consumer Real EstateTo estimate CECL for consumer loans secured by residential real estate, theCorporation estimates the number of loans that will default over the life of the existingportfolio, after factoring in estimated prepayments, using quantitative modelingmethodologies. The attributes that are most significant in estimating the Corporation’sCECL include refreshed loan-to-value (LTV) or, in the case of a subordinated lien,refreshed combined LTV (CLTV), borrower credit score, months since origination andgeography, all of which are further broken down by present collection status (whetherthe loan is current, delinquent, in default, or in bankruptcy). The estimates are basedon the Corporation’s historical experience with the loan portfolio, adjusted to reflectthe economic outlook. The outlook on the unemployment rate and consumer realestate prices are key factors that impact the frequency and severity of loss estimates.The Corporation does not reserve for credit losses on the unpaid principal balance ofloans insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and long-term standbyloans, as these loans are fully insured. The Corporation records a reserve forunfunded lending commitments for CECL associated with the undrawn portion of theCorporation’s HELOCs, which can only be canceled by the Corporation if certaincriteria are met. CECL associated with these unfunded lending commitments iscalculated using the same models and methodologies noted above and incorporateutilization assumptions at time of default.For loans that are more than 180 days past due, the Corporation bases theallowance on the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral as of the reportingdate less costs to sell. The fair value of the collateral securing these loans is generallydetermined using an automated valuation model (AVM) that estimates the value of aproperty by reference to market data including sales of comparable properties andprice trends specific to the Metropolitan Statistical Area in which the property beingvalued is located. In the event that an AVM value is not available, the Corporationutilizes publicized indices or if these methods provide less reliable valuations, theCorporation uses appraisals or broker price opinions to estimate the fair value of thecollateral. While there is inherent imprecision in these valuations, the Corporationbelieves that they are representative of this portfolio in the aggregate.For loans that are more than 180 days past due, with the exception of theCorporation’s fully insured portfolio, the outstanding balance of loans that is in excessof the estimated property value after adjusting for costs to sell is charged off. If theestimated property value decreases in periods subsequent to the initial charge-off, theCorporation will record an additional charge-off; however, if the value increases inperiods subsequent to the charge-off, the Corporation will adjust the allowance toaccount for the increase but not to a level above the cumulative charge-off amount.
Bank of America 98
Credit Cards and Other ConsumerCredit cards are revolving lines of credit without a defined maturity date. Theestimated life of a credit card receivable is determined by estimating the amount andtiming of expected future payments (e.g., borrowers making full payments, minimumpayments or somewhere in between) that it will take for a receivable balance to payoff. CECL on the future payments incorporates the spending behavior of a borrowerthrough time using key borrower-specific factors and the economic outlook describedabove. The Corporation applies all expected payments in accordance with the CreditCard Accountability Responsibility and Disclosure Act of 2009 (i.e., paying down thehighest interest rate bucket first). Then forecasted future payments are prioritized topay off the oldest balance until it is brought to zero or an expected charge-off amount.Unemployment rate outlook, borrower credit score, delinquency status and historicalpayment behavior are all key inputs into the credit card receivable loss forecastingmodel. Future draws on the credit card lines are excluded from CECL as they areunconditionally cancellable.CECL for the consumer vehicle lending portfolio is also determined usingquantitative methods supplemented with qualitative analysis. The quantitative modelestimates CECL giving consideration to key borrower and loan characteristics such asdelinquency status, borrower credit score, LTV ratio, underlying collateral type andcollateral value.
CommercialCECL on commercial loans is forecasted using models that estimate credit lossesover the loan’s contractual life at an individual loan level. The models use thecontractual terms to forecast future principal cash flows while also consideringexpected prepayments. For open-ended commitments such as revolving lines ofcredit, changes in funded balance are captured by forecasting a borrower’s draw andpayment behavior over the remaining life of the commitment. For loans collateralizedwith commercial real estate and for which the underlying asset is the primary sourceof repayment, the loss forecasting models consider key loan and customer attributessuch as LTV ratio, net operating income and debt service coverage, and capturesvariations in behavior according to property type and region. The outlook on theunemployment rate, gross domestic product, and forecasted real estate prices areutilized to determine indicators such as rent levels and vacancy rates, which impactthe CECL estimate. For all other commercial loans and leases, the loss forecastingmodel determines the probabilities of transition to different credit risk ratings or defaultat each point over the life of the asset based on the borrower’s current credit riskrating, industry sector, size of the exposure and the geographic market. The severityof loss is determined based on the type of collateral securing the exposure, the size ofthe exposure, the borrower’s industry sector, any guarantors and the geographicmarket. Assumptions of expected loss are conditioned to the economic outlook, andthe model considers key economic variables such as unemployment rate, grossdomestic product, corporate bond spreads, real estate and other asset prices andequity market returns.In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Corporation alsoestimates CECL related to unfunded lending commitments such as letters of credit,financial guarantees, unfunded bankers acceptances and binding loan commitments,excluding commitments accounted for under the fair value option. Reserves areestimated for the unfunded exposure using the same models and methodologies asthe funded exposure and are reported as reserves for unfunded lending commitments.
Nonperforming Loans and Leases, Charge-offs andDelinquenciesNonperforming loans and leases generally include loans and leases that have beenplaced on nonaccrual status. Loans accounted for under the fair value option andLHFS are not reported as nonperforming. When a nonaccrual loan is deemeduncollectible, it is charged off against the allowance for credit losses. If the charged-offamount is later recovered, the amount is reversed through the allowance for creditlosses at the recovery date. Charge-offs are reported net of recoveries (net charge-offs). If recoveries for the period are greater than charge- offs, net charge-offs arereported as a negative amount.In accordance with the Corporation’s policies, consumer real estate-secured loans,including residential mortgages and home equity loans, are generally placed onnonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming at 90 days past due unlessrepayment of the loan is insured by the FHA or through individually insured long-termstandby agreements with Fannie Mae (FNMA) or Freddie Mac (FHLMC) (the fully-insured portfolio). Residential mortgage loans in the fully-insured portfolio are notplaced on nonaccrual status and, therefore, are not reported as nonperforming.Junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status and classified asnonperforming when the underlying first-lien mortgage loan becomes 90 days pastdue even if the junior-lien loan is current. The outstanding balance of real estate-secured loans that is in excess of the estimated property value less costs to sell ischarged off no later than the end of the month in which the loan becomes 180 dayspast due unless the loan is fully insured, or for loans in bankruptcy, within 60 days ofreceipt of notification of filing, with the remaining balance classified as nonperforming.Credit card loans are charged off when the loan becomes 180 days past due,within 60 days after receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy or upon confirmationof fraud. These loans continue to accrue interest until they are charged off and,therefore, are not reported as nonperforming loans. Consumer vehicle loans areplaced on nonaccrual status when they become 90 days past due, within 60 days afterreceipt of notification of bankruptcy or death or upon confirmation of fraud, unless theborrower’s performance indicates that repayment is likely to occur. These loans arecharged off to the estimated fair value of the collateral less expected disposal costswhen the loans become 120 days past due, upon repossession of the collateral, within60 days after receipt of notification of bankruptcy or death or upon confirmation offraud, and when the borrower’s ability to pay cannot be validated. If repossession ofthe collateral is not expected or the loan is unsecured, the loans are fully charged off.Other consumer loans, substantially all of which are consumer overdrafts, are chargedoff when the loan becomes 60 days past due, and therefore are not reported asnonperforming loans.Commercial loans and leases, excluding business card loans, that are past due 90days or more as to principal or interest, or where reasonable doubt exists as to timelycollection, including loans that are individually identified as being impaired, aregenerally placed on nonaccrual status and classified as nonperforming unless well-secured and in the process of collection.Business card loans are charged off in the same manner as consumer credit cardloans. Other commercial loans and leases are generally charged off when all or aportion of the principal amount is determined to be uncollectible.The entire balance of a consumer loan or commercial loan or lease is contractuallydelinquent if the minimum payment is not received by the specified due date on thecustomer’s billing
99 Bank of America
statement. Interest and fees continue to accrue on past due loans and leases until thedate the loan is placed on nonaccrual status, if applicable. Accrued interest receivableis reversed when loans and leases are placed on nonaccrual status. Interestcollections on nonaccruing loans and leases for which the ultimate collectability ofprincipal is uncertain are applied as principal reductions; otherwise, such collectionsare credited to income when received. Loans and leases may be restored to accrualstatus when all principal and interest is current and full repayment of the remainingcontractual principal and interest is expected.
Loans Held-for-saleLoans that the Corporation intends to sell in the foreseeable future, includingresidential mortgages, loan syndications, and to a lesser degree, commercial realestate, consumer finance and other loans, are reported as LHFS and are carried atthe lower of aggregate cost or fair value. The Corporation accounts for certain LHFS,including residential mortgage LHFS, under the fair value option. Loan originationcosts for LHFS carried at the lower of cost or fair value are capitalized as part of thecarrying value of the loans and, upon the sale of a loan, are recognized as part of thegain or loss in other income. LHFS that are on nonaccrual status and are reported asnonperforming, as defined in the policy herein, are reported separately fromnonperforming loans and leases.
Premises and EquipmentPremises and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation andamortization. Depreciation and amortization are recognized using the straight-linemethod over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated lives range up to 40years for buildings, up to 12 years for furniture and equipment, and the shorter oflease term or estimated useful life for leasehold improvements.
Other AssetsFor the Corporation’s financial assets that are measured at amortized cost and are notincluded in debt securities or loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet,the Corporation evaluates these assets for CECL using various techniques. Forassets that are subject to collateral maintenance provisions, including federal fundssold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, where thecollateral consists of daily margining of liquid and marketable assets where themargining is expected to be maintained into the foreseeable future, the expectedlosses are assumed to be zero. For all other assets, the Corporation performsqualitative analyses, including consideration of historical losses and current economicconditions, to estimate any CECL which are then included in a valuation account thatis recorded as a contra-asset against the amortized cost basis of the financial asset.
Lessee ArrangementsSubstantially all of the Corporation’s lessee arrangements are operating leases. Underthese arrangements, the Corporation records right-of-use assets and lease liabilitiesat lease commencement. Right-of-use assets are reported in other assets on theConsolidated Balance Sheet, and the related lease liabilities are reported in accruedexpenses and other liabilities. All leases are recorded on the Consolidated BalanceSheet except leases with an initial term less than 12 months for which the Corporationmade the short-term lease election. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-linebasis over the
lease term and is recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the ConsolidatedStatement of Income.The Corporation made an accounting policy election not to separate lease andnon-lease components of a contract that is or contains a lease for its real estate andequipment leases. As such, lease payments represent payments on both lease andnon-lease components. At lease commencement, lease liabilities are recognizedbased on the present value of the remaining lease payments and discounted using theCorporation’s incremental borrowing rate. Right-of-use assets initially equal the leaseliability, adjusted for any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and forany lease incentives.
Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwill is the purchase premium after adjusting for the fair value of net assetsacquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed for potential impairment on anannual basis, or when events or circumstances indicate a potential impairment, at thereporting unit level. A reporting unit is a business segment or one level below abusiness segment.The Corporation assesses the fair value of each reporting unit against its carryingvalue, including goodwill, as measured by allocated equity. For purposes of goodwillimpairment testing, the Corporation utilizes allocated equity as a proxy for the carryingvalue of its reporting units. Allocated equity in the reporting units is comprised ofallocated capital plus capital for the portion of goodwill and intangibles specificallyassigned to the reporting unit.In performing its goodwill impairment testing, the Corporation first assessesqualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of areporting unit is less than its carrying value. Qualitative factors include, among otherthings, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, financialperformance of the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity- and reporting-unit specific considerations.If the Corporation concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of areporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative assessment is performed.The Corporation has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment forany reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitativegoodwill impairment test. The Corporation may resume performing the qualitativeassessment in any subsequent period.When performing the quantitative assessment, if the fair value of the reporting unitexceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit would not be consideredimpaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, a goodwillimpairment loss would be recognized for the amount by which the reporting unit’sallocated equity exceeds its fair value. An impairment loss recognized cannot exceedthe amount of goodwill assigned to a reporting unit. An impairment loss establishes anew basis in the goodwill, and subsequent reversals of goodwill impairment losses arenot permitted under applicable accounting guidance.For intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment loss is recognized ifthe carrying value of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value.The carrying value of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceedsthe sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset.Intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives are not subject to amortizationand are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the carryingvalue of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value.
Bank of America 100
Variable Interest EntitiesA VIE is an entity that lacks equity investors or whose equity investors do not have acontrolling financial interest in the entity through their equity investments. TheCorporation consolidates a VIE if it has both the power to direct the activities of theVIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and an obligationto absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant tothe VIE. On a quarterly basis, the Corporation reassesses its involvement with the VIEand evaluates the impact of changes in governing documents and its financialinterests in the VIE. The consolidation status of the VIEs with which the Corporation isinvolved may change as a result of such reassessments.The Corporation primarily uses VIEs for its securitization activities, in which theCorporation transfers whole loans or debt securities into a trust or other vehicle. Whenthe Corporation is the servicer of whole loans held in a securitization trust, includingnon-agency residential mortgages, home equity loans, credit cards, and other loans,the Corporation has the power to direct the most significant activities of the trust. TheCorporation generally does not have the power to direct the most significant activitiesof a residential mortgage agency trust except in certain circumstances in which theCorporation holds substantially all of the issued securities and has the unilateral rightto liquidate the trust. The power to direct the most significant activities of a commercialmortgage securitization trust is typically held by the special servicer or by the partyholding specific subordinate securities which embody certain controlling rights. TheCorporation consolidates a whole-loan securitization trust if it has the power to directthe most significant activities and also holds securities issued by the trust or has othercontractual arrangements, other than standard representations and warranties, thatcould potentially be significant to the trust.The Corporation may also transfer trading account securities and AFS securitiesinto municipal bond or resecuritization trusts. The Corporation consolidates amunicipal bond or resecuritization trust if it has control over the ongoing activities ofthe trust such as the remarketing of the trust’s liabilities or, if there are no ongoingactivities, sole discretion over the design of the trust, including the identification ofsecurities to be transferred in and the structure of securities to be issued, and alsoretains securities or has liquidity or other commitments that could potentially besignificant to the trust. The Corporation does not consolidate a municipal bond orresecuritization trust if one or a limited number of third-party investors shareresponsibility for the design of the trust or have control over the significant activities ofthe trust through liquidation or other substantive rights.Other VIEs used by the Corporation include collateralized debt obligations (CDOs),collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), investment vehicles created on behalf ofcustomers and other investment vehicles. The Corporation does not routinely serve ascollateral manager for CDOs or CLOs and, therefore, does not typically have thepower to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performanceof a CDO or CLO. However, for CDOs, following an event of default, if the Corporationis a majority holder of senior securities issued by a CDO and acquires the power tomanage its assets, the Corporation consolidates the CDO.The Corporation consolidates a customer or other investment vehicle if it hascontrol over the initial design of the vehicle or manages the assets in the vehicle andalso absorbs potentially significant gains or losses through an investment in thevehicle, derivative contracts or other arrangements. The Corporation does notconsolidate an investment vehicle if a
single investor controlled the initial design of the vehicle or manages the assets in thevehicles or if the Corporation does not have a variable interest that could potentiallybe significant to the vehicle.Retained interests in securitized assets are initially recorded at fair value. Inaddition, the Corporation may invest in debt securities issued by unconsolidated VIEs.Fair values of these debt securities, which are classified as trading account assets,debt securities carried at fair value or HTM securities, are based primarily on quotedmarket prices in active or inactive markets. Generally, quoted market prices forretained residual interests are not available; therefore, the Corporation estimates fairvalues based on the present value of the associated expected future cash flows.
Fair ValueThe Corporation measures the fair values of its assets and liabilities, whereapplicable, in accordance with accounting guidance that requires an entity to base fairvalue on exit price. Under this guidance, an entity is required to maximize the use ofobservable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in measuring fairvalue. Under applicable accounting standards, fair value measurements arecategorized into one of three levels based on the inputs to the valuation techniquewith the highest priority given to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and thelowest priority given to unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its fair valuemeasurements of financial instruments based on this three-level hierarchy.
Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.Level 1 assets and liabilities include debt and equity securities and derivativecontracts that are traded in an active exchange market, as well as certainU.S. Treasury securities that are highly liquid and are actively traded in OTCmarkets.Level 2 Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices forsimilar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, orother inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observablemarket data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 2assets and liabilities include debt securities with quoted prices that are tradedless frequently than exchange-traded instruments and derivative contractswhere fair value is determined using a pricing model with inputs that areobservable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroboratedby observable market data. This category generally includes U.S.government and agency mortgage-backed (MBS) and asset-backedsecurities (ABS), corporate debt securities, derivative contracts, certain loansand LHFS.Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity andthat are significant to the overall fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3assets and liabilities include financial instruments for which the determinationof fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. Thefair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricingmodels, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques thatincorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing theasset or liability. This category generally includes retained residual interestsin securitizations, consumer MSRs, certain ABS, highly structured,
101 Bank of America
complex or long-dated derivative contracts, certain loans and LHFS, IRLCsand certain CDOs where independent pricing information cannot be obtainedfor a significant portion of the underlying assets.
Income TaxesThere are two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Currentincome tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period.Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets andliabilities between periods. These gross deferred tax assets and liabilities representdecreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of futurereversals of temporary differences in the bases of assets and liabilities as measuredby tax laws and their bases as reported in the financial statements. Deferred taxassets are also recognized for tax attributes such as net operating loss carryforwardsand tax credit carryforwards. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferredtax assets to the amounts management concludes are more likely than not to berealized.Income tax benefits are recognized and measured based upon a two-step model:first, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained based solely on itstechnical merits in order to be recognized, and second, the benefit is measured as thelargest dollar amount of that position that is more likely than not to be sustained uponsettlement. The difference between the benefit recognized and the tax benefit claimedon a tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. The Corporation recordsincome tax-related interest and penalties, if applicable, within income tax expense.
Revenue RecognitionThe following summarizes the Corporation’s revenue recognition accounting policiesfor certain noninterest income activities.
Card IncomeCard income includes annual, late and over-limit fees as well as interchange, cashadvances and other miscellaneous items from credit and debit card transactions andfrom processing card transactions for merchants. Card income is presented net ofdirect costs. Interchange fees are recognized upon settlement of the credit and debitcard payment transactions and are generally determined on a percentage basis forcredit cards and fixed rates for debit cards based on the corresponding paymentnetwork’s rates. Substantially all card fees are recognized at the transaction date,except for certain time-based fees such as annual fees, which are recognized over 12months. Fees charged to cardholders and merchants that are estimated to beuncollectible are reserved in the allowance
for loan and lease losses. Included in direct cost are rewards and credit card partnerpayments. Rewards paid to cardholders are related to points earned by the cardholderthat can be redeemed for a broad range of rewards including cash, travel and giftcards. The points to be redeemed are estimated based on past redemption behavior,card product type, account transaction activity and other historical card performance.The liability is reduced as the points are redeemed. The Corporation also makespayments to credit card partners. The payments are based on revenue-sharingagreements that are generally driven by cardholder transactions and partner salesvolumes. As part of the revenue-sharing agreements, the credit card partner providesthe Corporation exclusive rights to market to the credit card partner’s members orcustomers on behalf of the Corporation.
Service ChargesService charges include deposit and lending-related fees. Deposit-related fees consistof fees earned on consumer and commercial deposit activities and are generallyrecognized when the transactions occur or as the service is performed. Consumerfees are earned on consumer deposit accounts for account maintenance and varioustransaction-based services, such as ATM transactions, wire transfer activities, checkand money order processing and insufficient funds/overdraft transactions. Commercialdeposit-related fees are from the Corporation’s Global Transaction Services businessand consist of commercial deposit and treasury management services, includingaccount maintenance and other services, such as payroll, sweep account and othercash management services. Lending-related fees generally represent transactionalfees earned from certain loan commitments, financial guarantees and SBLCs.
Investment and Brokerage ServicesInvestment and brokerage services consist of asset management and brokerage fees.Asset management fees are earned from the management of client assets underadvisory agreements or the full discretion of the Corporation’s financial advisors(collectively referred to as assets under management (AUM)). Asset managementfees are earned as a percentage of the client’s AUM and generally range from 50basis points (bps) to 150 bps of the AUM. In cases where a third party is used toobtain a client’s investment allocation, the fee remitted to the third party is recordednet and is not reflected in the transaction price, as the Corporation is an agent forthose services.Brokerage fees include income earned from transaction-based services that areperformed as part of investment management services and are based on a fixed priceper unit or as a percentage of the total transaction amount. Brokerage fees
Bank of America 102
also include distribution fees and sales commissions that are primarily in the GlobalWealth & Investment Management (GWIM) segment and are earned over time. Inaddition, primarily in the Global Markets segment, brokerage fees are earned whenthe Corporation fills customer orders to buy or sell various financial products or whenit acknowledges, affirms, settles and clears transactions and/or submits tradeinformation to the appropriate clearing broker. Certain customers pay brokerage,clearing and/or exchange fees imposed by relevant regulatory bodies or exchanges inorder to execute or clear trades. These fees are recorded net and are not reflected inthe transaction price, as the Corporation is an agent for those services.
Investment Banking IncomeInvestment banking income includes underwriting income and financial advisoryservices income. Underwriting consists of fees earned for the placement of acustomer’s debt or equity securities. The revenue is generally earned based on apercentage of the fixed number of shares or principal placed. Once the number ofshares or notes is determined and the service is completed, the underwriting fees arerecognized. The Corporation incurs certain out-of-pocket expenses, such as legalcosts, in performing these services. These expenses are recovered through therevenue the Corporation earns from the customer and are included in operatingexpenses. Syndication fees represent fees earned as the agent or lead lenderresponsible for structuring, arranging and administering a loan syndication.Financial advisory services consist of fees earned for assisting clients withtransactions related to mergers and acquisitions and financial restructurings. Revenuevaries depending on the size of the transaction and scope of services performed andis generally contingent on successful completion of the transaction. Revenue istypically recognized once the transaction is completed and all services have beenrendered. Additionally, the Corporation may earn a fixed fee in merger and acquisitiontransactions to provide a fairness opinion, with the fees recognized when the opinionis delivered to the client.
Other Revenue Measurement and Recognition PoliciesThe Corporation did not disclose the value of any open performance obligations atDecember 31, 2025, as its contracts with customers generally have a fixed term that isless than one year, an open term with a cancellation period that is less than one year,or provisions that allow the Corporation to recognize revenue at the amount it has theright to invoice.
Earnings Per Common ShareEarnings per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing net income allocated tocommon shareholders by the weighted-average common shares outstanding,excluding unvested common shares subject to repurchase or cancellation. Net incomeallocated to common shareholders is net income adjusted for preferred stockdividends including dividends declared, accretion of discounts on preferred stockincluding accelerated accretion when preferred stock is repaid early, and cumulativedividends related to the current dividend period that have not been declared as ofperiod end, less income allocated to participating securities. Diluted EPS is computedby dividing income allocated to common shareholders plus dividends on dilutiveconvertible preferred stock, by the weighted-average common shares outstandingplus amounts representing the dilutive effect of stock options outstanding, restrictedstock, restricted stock units (RSUs), outstanding warrants and the dilution resultingfrom the conversion of convertible preferred stock, if applicable.
Foreign Currency TranslationAssets, liabilities and operations of foreign branches and subsidiaries are recordedbased on the functional currency of each entity. When the functional currency of aforeign operation is the local currency, the assets, liabilities and operations aretranslated, for consolidation purposes, from the local currency to the U.S. dollarreporting currency at period-end rates for assets and liabilities and generally ataverage rates for results of operations. The resulting unrealized gains and losses arereported as a component of accumulated OCI, net-of-tax. When the foreign entity’sfunctional currency is the U.S. dollar, the resulting remeasurement gains or losses onforeign currency-denominated assets or liabilities are included in earnings.
103 Bank of America
NOTE 2 Net Interest Income and Noninterest IncomeThe table below presents the Corporation’s net interest income and noninterest income disaggregated by revenue source for 2025, 2024 and 2023. For more information, seeNote 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. For a disaggregation of noninterest income by business segment and All Other, see Note 23 – Business SegmentInformation.
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Net interest income
Interest income
Loans and leases $ 63,080 $ 61,993 $ 57,124
Debt securities 27,393 26,007 20,226
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell 15,433 19,911 18,679
Trading account assets 12,239 10,376 8,773
Other interest income 20,421 28,320 25,460
Total interest income 138,566 146,607 130,262
Interest expense
Deposits 34,513 38,442 26,163
Short-term borrowings 28,042 34,538 30,553
Trading account liabilities 2,657 2,191 2,043
Long-term debt 13,258 15,376 14,572
Total interest expense 78,470 90,547 73,331
Net interest income $ 60,096 $ 56,060 $ 56,931
Noninterest income
Fees and commissions
Card income
Interchange fees $ 3,876 $ 4,013 $ 3,983
Other card income 2,483 2,271 2,071
Total card income 6,359 6,284 6,054
Service charges
Deposit-related fees 5,044 4,708 4,382
Lending-related fees 1,413 1,347 1,302
Total service charges 6,457 6,055 5,684
Investment and brokerage services
Asset management fees 15,601 13,875 12,002
Brokerage fees 4,355 3,891 3,561
Total investment and brokerage services 19,956 17,766 15,563
Investment banking fees
Underwriting income 3,320 3,275 2,235
Syndication fees 1,420 1,221 898
Financial advisory services 1,890 1,690 1,575
Total investment banking fees 6,630 6,186 4,708
Total fees and commissions 39,402 36,291 32,009
Market making and similar activities 12,014 12,967 12,732
Other income (loss) 1,585 538 1,097
Total noninterest income $ 53,001 $ 49,796 $ 45,838
Includes interest income on interest-bearing deposits with the Federal Reserve, non-U.S. central banks and other banks of $10.5 billion, $16.8 billion and $16.0 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023.Gross interchange fees and merchant income were $13.8 billion, $13.6 billion and $13.3 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively and are presented net of $9.9 billion, $9.5 billion and $9.3 billion of expenses for rewards and partner payments as well ascertain other card costs for the same periods.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 104
NOTE 3 Derivatives
Derivative BalancesDerivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading or to support riskmanagement activities. Derivatives used in risk management activities includederivatives that may or may not be designated in qualifying hedge accountingrelationships. Derivatives that are not designated in qualifying hedge accountingrelationships are referred to as other risk management derivatives. For moreinformation on the
Corporation’s derivatives and hedging activities, see Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles. The following tables present derivative instruments included onthe Consolidated Balance Sheet in derivative assets and liabilities at December 31,2025 and 2024. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application ofcounterparty and cash collateral netting. Total derivative assets and liabilities areadjusted on an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legallyenforceable master netting agreements and have been reduced by cash collateralreceived or paid.
December 31, 2025
Gross Derivative Assets Gross Derivative Liabilities
(Dollars in billions)
Contract/Notional
Trading and OtherRisk ManagementDerivatives
QualifyingAccountingHedges Total
Trading and OtherRisk ManagementDerivatives
QualifyingAccountingHedges Total
Interest rate contracts
Swaps $ 21,163.5 $ 75.5 $ 5.1 $ 80.6 $ 70.5 $ 7.4 $ 77.9
Futures and forwards 4,279.5 3.9 — 3.9 3.2 — 3.2
Written options 2,138.2 — — — 26.4 — 26.4
Purchased options 2,008.5 28.3 — 28.3 — — —
Foreign exchange contracts
Swaps 2,852.1 41.4 0.1 41.5 35.4 0.2 35.6
Spot, futures and forwards 4,643.0 33.1 0.2 33.3 33.5 0.2 33.7
Written options 623.7 — — — 8.2 — 8.2
Purchased options 576.3 8.0 — 8.0 — — —
Equity contracts
Swaps 736.3 16.8 — 16.8 21.5 — 21.5
Futures and forwards 147.8 2.2 — 2.2 2.1 — 2.1
Written options 903.2 — — — 67.1 — 67.1
Purchased options 859.7 60.1 — 60.1 — — —
Commodity contracts
Swaps 70.3 2.9 — 2.9 5.6 — 5.6
Futures and forwards 156.5 6.3 0.1 6.4 5.2 0.7 5.9
Written options 71.2 — — — 3.2 — 3.2
Purchased options 69.8 3.2 — 3.2 — — —
Credit derivatives
Purchased credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps 475.9 1.5 — 1.5 3.8 — 3.8
Total return swaps/options 100.5 0.4 — 0.4 0.4 — 0.4
Written credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps 442.9 2.6 — 2.6 1.5 — 1.5
Total return swaps/options 103.8 0.5 — 0.5 1.5 — 1.5
Gross derivative assets/liabilities $ 286.7 $ 5.5 $ 292.2 $ 289.1 $ 8.5 $ 297.6
Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements (224.1) (224.1)
Less: Cash collateral received/paid (27.2) (31.4)
Total derivative assets/liabilities $ 40.9 $ 42.1
Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $1.0 billion and $421.3 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2025.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
105 Bank of America
December 31, 2024
Gross Derivative Assets Gross Derivative Liabilities
(Dollars in billions)
Contract/Notional
Trading and OtherRisk ManagementDerivatives
QualifyingAccountingHedges Total
Trading and OtherRisk ManagementDerivatives
QualifyingAccountingHedges Total
Interest rate contracts
Swaps $ 20,962.1 $ 71.9 $ 7.6 $ 79.5 $ 61.1 $ 15.2 $ 76.3
Futures and forwards 3,383.0 4.5 — 4.5 4.2 — 4.2
Written options 1,931.2 — — — 29.0 — 29.0
Purchased options 1,789.1 29.2 — 29.2 — — —
Foreign exchange contracts
Swaps 2,204.0 46.8 0.1 46.9 47.4 — 47.4
Spot, futures and forwards 4,273.5 55.4 2.1 57.5 52.4 0.4 52.8
Written options 652.6 — — — 10.7 — 10.7
Purchased options 578.3 10.5 — 10.5 — — —
Equity contracts
Swaps 520.4 12.8 — 12.8 14.2 — 14.2
Futures and forwards 129.0 2.3 — 2.3 1.5 — 1.5
Written options 831.6 — — — 55.1 — 55.1
Purchased options 770.1 50.1 — 50.1 — — —
Commodity contracts
Swaps 64.8 2.1 — 2.1 3.6 — 3.6
Futures and forwards 165.8 4.0 — 4.0 2.3 0.8 3.1
Written options 69.5 — — — 2.7 — 2.7
Purchased options 75.2 2.9 — 2.9 — — —
Credit derivatives
Purchased credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps 408.3 1.7 — 1.7 2.6 — 2.6
Total return swaps/options 98.0 1.0 — 1.0 0.7 — 0.7
Written credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps 388.2 2.0 — 2.0 1.6 — 1.6
Total return swaps/options 81.4 1.1 — 1.1 0.2 — 0.2
Gross derivative assets/liabilities $ 298.3 $ 9.8 $ 308.1 $ 289.3 $ 16.4 $ 305.7
Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements (237.1) (237.1)
Less: Cash collateral received/paid (30.1) (29.2)
Total derivative assets/liabilities $ 40.9 $ 39.4
Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.Includes certain out-of-the-money purchased options that have a liability amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.Includes certain out-of-the-money written options that have an asset amount primarily due to the deferral of option premiums to the end of the contract.The net derivative asset (liability) and notional amount of written credit derivatives for which the Corporation held purchased credit derivatives with identical underlying referenced names were $406 million and $361.2 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2024.
Offsetting of DerivativesThe Corporation enters into International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.(ISDA) master netting agreements or similar agreements with substantially all of theCorporation’s derivative counterparties. Where legally enforceable, these masternetting agreements give the Corporation, in the event of default by the counterparty,the right to liquidate securities held as collateral and to offset receivables andpayables with the same counterparty. For purposes of the Consolidated BalanceSheet, the Corporation offsets derivative assets and liabilities and cash collateral heldwith the same counterparty where it has such a legally enforceable master nettingagreement.The following table presents derivative instruments included in derivative assetsand liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet at December 31, 2025 and 2024 by primary risk (e.g., interest rate risk) and theplatform, where applicable, on which these derivatives are transacted. Balances arepresented on a gross basis, prior to the application of counterparty and cash collateralnetting. Total gross derivative assets and liabilities are adjusted on an aggregate basisto take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master netting agreements,which include reducing the balance for counterparty netting and cash collateralreceived or paid.For more information on offsetting of securities financing agreements, see Note 10– Securities Financing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and RestrictedCash.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 106
Offsetting of Derivatives
DerivativeAssets Derivative Liabilities DerivativeAssets Derivative Liabilities
(Dollars in billions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Interest rate contracts
Over-the-counter $ 106.2 $ 100.0 $ 108.8 $ 103.9
Exchange-traded — — 0.1 0.1
Over-the-counter cleared 6.3 5.9 3.4 3.6
Foreign exchange contracts
Over-the-counter 80.4 75.3 112.7 109.1
Over-the-counter cleared 1.2 1.3 0.5 0.5
Equity contracts
Over-the-counter 31.3 43.8 24.6 31.1
Exchange-traded 46.8 45.1 39.8 38.5
Commodity contracts
Over-the-counter 9.9 11.8 6.2 7.0
Exchange-traded 1.6 1.7 2.0 1.6
Over-the-counter cleared 0.3 0.4 0.3 0.5
Credit derivatives
Over-the-counter 4.9 7.1 5.8 5.0
Total gross derivative assets/liabilities, before netting
Over-the-counter 232.7 238.0 258.1 256.1
Exchange-traded 48.4 46.8 41.9 40.2
Over-the-counter cleared 7.8 7.6 4.2 4.6
Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral received/paid
Over-the-counter (199.2) (203.9) (224.2) (223.5)
Exchange-traded (44.5) (44.5) (39.0) (39.0)
Over-the-counter cleared (7.6) (7.1) (4.0) (3.8)
Derivative assets/liabilities, after netting 37.6 36.9 37.0 34.6
Other gross derivative assets/liabilities 3.3 5.2 3.9 4.8
Total derivative assets/liabilities 40.9 42.1 40.9 39.4
Less: Financial instruments collateral (20.5) (16.7) (18.1) (14.2)
Total net derivative assets/liabilities $ 20.4 $ 25.4 $ 22.8 $ 25.2
Over-the-counter derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a particular counterparty. Over-the-counter cleared derivatives include bilateral transactions between the Corporation and a counterparty where the transaction is clearedthrough a clearinghouse. Exchange-traded derivatives include listed options transacted on an exchange.Consists of derivatives entered into under master netting agreements where the enforceability of these agreements is uncertain under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.Amounts are limited to the derivative asset/liability balance and, accordingly, do not include excess collateral received/pledged. Financial instruments collateral includes securities collateral received or pledged and cash securities held and posted at third-partycustodians that are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet but shown as a reduction to derive net derivative assets and liabilities.
ALM and Risk Management DerivativesThe Corporation’s ALM and risk management activities include the use of derivativesto mitigate risk to the Corporation, including derivatives designated in qualifying hedgeaccounting relationships and derivatives used in other risk management activities.Interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, commodity and credit contracts are utilized inthe Corporation's ALM and risk management activities.The Corporation maintains an overall interest rate risk management strategy thatincorporates the use of interest rate contracts, which are generally non-leveragedgeneric interest rate and basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, to minimizesignificant fluctuations in earnings caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’sgoal is to manage interest rate sensitivity and volatility so that movements in interestrates do not significantly adversely affect earnings or capital. As a result of interestrate fluctuations, hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities appreciate or depreciate infair value. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are linked to the hedgedfixed-rate assets and liabilities are expected to substantially offset this unrealizedappreciation or depreciation.Market risk, including interest rate risk, can be substantial in the mortgagebusiness. Market risk in the mortgage business is the risk that values of mortgageassets or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions such asinterest rate movements. To mitigate the interest rate risk in mortgage bankingproduction income, the Corporation utilizes forward loan sale commitments and otherderivative
instruments, including purchased options, and certain debt securities. The Corporationalso utilizes derivatives such as interest rate options, interest rate swaps, forwardsettlement contracts and eurodollar futures to hedge certain market risks of MSRs.The Corporation uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchangerisk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, aswell as the Corporation’s investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Exposure to loss onthese contracts will increase or decrease over their respective lives as currencyexchange and interest rates fluctuate.The Corporation purchases credit derivatives to manage credit risk related tocertain funded and unfunded credit exposures. Credit derivatives include credit defaultswaps (CDS), total return swaps and swaptions. These derivatives are recorded onthe Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value with changes in fair value recorded inother income.
Derivatives Designated as Accounting HedgesThe Corporation uses various types of interest rate and foreign exchange derivativecontracts to protect against changes in the fair value of its assets and liabilities due tofluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates (fair value hedges). TheCorporation also uses these types of contracts to protect against changes in the cashflows of its assets and liabilities, and other forecasted transactions (cash flow hedges).The Corporation hedges its net investment in consolidated non-U.S. operationsdetermined to have functional currencies other than
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
107 Bank of America
the U.S. dollar using forward exchange contracts and cross-currency basis swaps,and by issuing foreign currency- denominated debt (net investment hedges).Fair Value HedgesThe table below summarizes information related to fair value hedges for 2025, 2024and 2023.
Gains and Losses on Derivatives and Hedged Items Designated in Fair Value Hedges
Derivative Hedged Item
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Interest rate risk on long-term debt $ 3,346 $ (2,713) $ 3,594 $ (3,331) $ 2,669 $ (3,652)
Interest rate and foreign currency risk (21) 500 (17) 15 (486) 27
Interest rate risk on available-for-sale securities (5,387) 2,279 (3,518) 5,269 (2,322) 3,417
Price risk on commodity inventory (2,804) (577) 2 2,804 577 (2)
Total $ (4,866) $ (511) $ 61 $ 4,757 $ 438 $ (210)
Amounts are recorded in interest expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.Represents cross-currency interest rate swaps related to available-for-sale debt securities and long-term debt. For 2025, 2024 and 2023, the derivative amount includes gains (losses) of $(3) million, $22 million and $6 million in interest income, $0, $0 and $13million in interest expense, $(10) million, $463 million and $(51) million in market making and similar activities, and $(8) million, $15 million and $15 million in accumulated OCI. Line item totals are in the Consolidated Statement of Income and on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheet.Amounts are recorded in interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.Amounts are recorded in market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
The table below summarizes the carrying value of hedged assets and liabilitiesthat are designated in fair value hedging relationships, along with the cumulativeamount of gains and losses on the hedged assets and liabilities that are included intheir carrying value. There is no impact to earnings for the cumulative amount of thesefair value hedging adjustments as long as the hedging relationships remain openthrough the
hedged period. Instead, the open hedges have the effect of synthetically convertingthe hedged assets and liabilities into variable-rate instruments. If an open hedge is de-designated prior to the derivative’s maturity, any cumulative fair value adjustments atthe de-designation date are then amortized or accreted into earnings over theremaining life of the hedged assets or liabilities.
Designated Fair Value Hedged Assets and Liabilities
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
(Dollars in millions) Carrying Value
CumulativeFair ValueAdjustments Carrying Value
CumulativeFair ValueAdjustments
Long-term debt $ 175,694 $ (792) $ 188,202 $ (7,263)
Available-for-sale debt securities 236,303 146 244,664 (4,764)
Trading account assets 12,170 294 3,639 101
Increase (decrease) to carrying value.These amounts include the amortized cost of the financial assets in closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is a stated layer that is expected to be remaining at the end of the hedging relationship (i.e. portfolio layerhedging relationship). At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the amortized cost of the closed portfolios used in these hedging relationships was $35.8 billion and $34.8 billion, of which $23.7 billion and $26.1 billion were designated in a portfolio layer hedgingrelationship. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the cumulative adjustment associated with these hedging relationships was a decrease of $46 million and $435 million.Carrying value represents amortized cost.Represents hedging activities related to certain commodities inventory.
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair value adjustments from de-designatedlong-term debt hedges decreased the long-term debt carrying value by $12.9 billionand $11.2 billion. The fair value adjustments from de-designated AFS debt securitieshedges decreased the AFS debt securities carrying value by $2.7 billion and $4.4billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The fair value adjustments are beingamortized or accreted into interest over the contractual lives of the assets or liabilities.
Cash Flow and Net Investment HedgesThe following table summarizes certain information related to cash flow hedges andnet investment hedges for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Of the $2.0 billion after-tax net loss($2.6 billion pretax) on derivatives in accumulated OCI at December 31, 2025, lossesof $1.7 billion after-tax ($2.2 billion pretax) related to both open and closed cash flowhedges are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. These netlosses reclassified into earnings are expected to primarily decrease net interestincome related to the respective hedged
items. For open cash flow hedges, the maximum length of time over which forecastedtransactions are hedged is approximately three years. For terminated cash flowhedges, the time period over which the forecasted transactions will be recognized ininterest income is approximately three years, with the aggregated amount beyond thistime period being insignificant.On November 15, 2023, Bloomberg Index Services Limited announced thepermanent cessation of the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index (BSBY) and allits tenors effective after final publication on November 15, 2024. The Corporationdetermined that certain forecasted BSBY-indexed interest payments, which had beendesignated in cash flow hedges, were no longer expected to occur beyond November15, 2024 as they would transition to a new reference rate. Accordingly, during thefourth quarter of 2023, the Corporation reclassified $2.0 billion of pretax loss fromaccumulated OCI into market making and similar activities for the amount related tothese forecasted transactions.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1) (1)
(2, 3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 108
Gains and Losses on Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow and Net Investment Hedges
Gains (Losses) Recognized inAccumulated OCI on Derivatives Gains (Losses) in IncomeReclassified from Accumulated OCI
(Dollars in millions, amounts pretax) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Cash flow hedges
Interest rate risk on variable-rate portfolios $ 3,301 $ 389 $ 1,995 $ (1,538) $ (2,826) $ (3,176)
Price risk on forecasted MBS purchases — — 6 (9) (9) (2)
Price risk on certain compensation plans 1 29 48 21 35 25
Total $ 3,302 $ 418 $ 2,049 $ (1,526) $ (2,800) $ (3,153)
Net investment hedges
Foreign exchange risk $ (2,749) $ 2,624 $ (808) $ (1) $ (146) $ 143
Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in interest income and market making and similar activities in the Consolidated Statement of Income.Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in compensation and benefits expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.Amounts reclassified from accumulated OCI are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Amounts excluded from effectiveness testing and recognized in market making and similar activities were gains of $184 million, $252 million and$195 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Other Risk Management DerivativesOther risk management derivatives are used by the Corporation to reduce certain riskexposures by economically hedging various assets and liabilities. The table belowpresents gains (losses) on these derivatives for 2025, 2024 and 2023. These gains(losses) are largely offset by the income or expense recorded on the hedged item.
Gains and Losses on Other Risk Management Derivatives
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Interest rate risk on mortgage activities $ 68 $ (49) $ 16
Credit risk on loans (40) (52) (70)
Interest rate and foreign currency risk on asset and liabilitymanagement activities (2,370) 952 777
Price risk on certain compensation plans 537 427 584
Includes hedges of interest rate risk on MSRs and IRLCs to originate mortgage loans that will be held for sale.Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in other income.Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in market making and similar activities. For 2023, includes $447 million ofpositive fair value adjustments related to the interest rate swaps that occurred after de-designation of BSBY hedges and priorto re-designation of the interest rate swaps into new hedges.Gains (losses) on these derivatives are recorded in compensation and benefits expense.
Transfers of Financial Assets with Risk Retained throughDerivativesThe Corporation enters into certain transactions involving the transfer of financialassets that are accounted for as sales where substantially all of the economicexposure to the transferred financial assets is retained through derivatives (e.g.,interest rate and/or credit), but the Corporation does not retain control over the assetstransferred. At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had transferred$3.9 billion of non-U.S. government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities to a third-party trust and retained economic exposure to the transferred assets throughderivative contracts. In connection with these transfers, the Corporation receivedgross cash proceeds of $3.9 billion at both transfer dates. At December 31, 2025 and2024, the fair value of the transferred securities was $3.8 billion and $3.6 billion.
Sales and Trading RevenueThe Corporation enters into trading derivatives to facilitate client transactions and tomanage risk exposures arising from trading account assets and liabilities. It is theCorporation’s policy to
include these derivative instruments in its trading activities, which include derivativesand non-derivative cash instruments. The resulting risk from these derivatives ismanaged on a portfolio basis as part of the Corporation’s Global Markets businesssegment. The related sales and trading revenue generated within Global Markets isrecorded in various income statement line items, including market making and similaractivities and net interest income as well as other revenue categories.Sales and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value and realized gainsand losses on the sales of trading and other assets, net interest income, and feesprimarily from commissions on equity securities. Revenue is generated by thedifference in the client price for an instrument and the price at which the trading deskcan execute the trade in the dealer market. For equity securities, commissions relatedto purchases and sales are recorded in the “Other” column in the Sales and TradingRevenue table. Changes in the fair value of these securities are included in marketmaking and similar activities. For debt securities, revenue, with the exception ofinterest associated with the debt securities, is typically included in market making andsimilar activities. Unlike commissions for equity securities, the initial revenue related tobroker-dealer services for debt securities is typically included in the pricing of theinstrument rather than being charged through separate fee arrangements. Therefore,this revenue is recorded in market making and similar activities as part of the initialmark to fair value. For derivatives, the majority of revenue is included in marketmaking and similar activities. In transactions where the Corporation acts as agent,which include exchange-traded futures and options, fees are recorded in otherincome.The following table, which includes both derivatives and non-derivative cashinstruments, identifies the amounts in the respective income statement line itemsattributable to the Corporation’s sales and trading revenue in Global Markets,categorized by primary risk, for 2025, 2024 and 2023. This table includes debitvaluation adjustment (DVA) and funding valuation adjustment (FVA) gains (losses).Global Markets results in Note 23 – Business Segment Information are presented on afully taxable-equivalent (FTE) basis. The following table is not presented on an FTEbasis.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1, 2)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
109 Bank of America
Sales and Trading Revenue
Market makingand similaractivities Net InterestIncome Other Total
(Dollars in millions) 2025
Interest rate risk $ 1,244 $ 3,055 $ 516 $ 4,815
Foreign exchange risk 2,179 10 57 2,246
Equity risk 7,229 (816) 2,201 8,614
Credit risk 1,012 2,721 554 4,287
Other risk 380 (40) (139) 201
Total sales and tradingrevenue $ 12,044 $ 4,930 $ 3,189 $ 20,163
Interest rate risk $ 2,245 $ 1,378 $ 420 $ 4,043
Foreign exchange risk 1,866 120 98 2,084
Equity risk 7,065 (1,485) 1,861 7,441
Credit risk 1,206 2,465 596 4,267
Other risk 394 94 (406) 82
Total sales and tradingrevenue $ 12,776 $ 2,572 $ 2,569 $ 17,917
Interest rate risk $ 3,192 $ 366 $ 402 $ 3,960
Foreign exchange risk 1,800 149 87 2,036
Equity risk 6,628 (1,955) 1,774 6,447
Credit risk 1,205 2,462 340 4,007
Other risk 602 (155) (67) 380
Total sales and tradingrevenue $ 13,427 $ 867 $ 2,536 $ 16,830
Represents amounts in investment and brokerage services and other income that are recorded in Global Markets andincluded in the definition of sales and trading revenue. Includes investment and brokerage services revenue of $2.5 billion,$2.1 billion and $2.0 billion in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.Includes commodity risk.
Credit DerivativesThe Corporation enters into credit derivatives primarily to facilitate client transactionsand to manage credit risk exposures. Credit derivatives derive value based on anunderlying third-party referenced obligation or a portfolio of referenced obligations andgenerally require the Corporation, as the seller of credit protection, to make paymentsto a buyer upon the occurrence of a predefined credit event. Such credit eventsgenerally include bankruptcy of the referenced credit entity and failure to pay underthe obligation, as well as acceleration of indebtedness and payment repudiation ormoratorium. For credit derivatives based on a portfolio of referenced credits or creditindices, the Corporation may not be required to make payment until a specifiedamount of loss has occurred and/or may only be required to make payment up to aspecified amount.Credit derivatives are classified as investment and non-investment grade based onthe credit quality of the underlying referenced obligation. The Corporation considersratings of BBB- or higher as investment grade. Non-investment grade includes non-rated credit derivative instruments. The Corporation discloses internal categorizationsof investment grade and non-investment grade consistent with how risk is managedfor these instruments.Credit derivative instruments where the Corporation is the seller of credit protectionand their expiration at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized in the followingtable.
(1)
(2)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 110
Credit Derivative Instruments
Less thanOne Year One toThree Years Three toFive Years Over FiveYears Total
December 31, 2025
(Dollars in millions) Carrying Value
Credit default swaps:
Investment grade $ — $ — $ 7 $ 34 $ 41
Non-investment grade 60 532 418 403 1,413
Total 60 532 425 437 1,454
Total return swaps/options:
Investment grade 88 2 — — 90
Non-investment grade 1,258 89 74 1 1,422
Total 1,346 91 74 1 1,512
Total credit derivatives $ 1,406 $ 623 $ 499 $ 438 $ 2,966
Credit-related notes:
Investment grade $ — $ — $ 3 $ 970 $ 973
Non-investment grade — 4 26 1,136 1,166
Total credit-related notes $ — $ 4 $ 29 $ 2,106 $ 2,139
Maximum Payout/Notional
Credit default swaps:
Investment grade $ 48,636 $ 100,059 $ 168,131 $ 22,048 $ 338,874
Non-investment grade 15,434 35,286 49,913 3,372 104,005
Total 64,070 135,345 218,044 25,420 442,879
Total return swaps/options:
Investment grade 61,269 1,507 1,419 352 64,547
Non-investment grade 35,318 2,877 516 520 39,231
Total 96,587 4,384 1,935 872 103,778
Total credit derivatives $ 160,657 $ 139,729 $ 219,979 $ 26,292 $ 546,657
December 31, 2024
Carrying Value
Credit default swaps:
Investment grade $ — $ 3 $ 24 $ 16 $ 43
Non-investment grade 33 304 752 441 1,530
Total 33 307 776 457 1,573
Total return swaps/options:
Investment grade 93 — — — 93
Non-investment grade 145 — — — 145
Total 238 — — — 238
Total credit derivatives $ 271 $ 307 $ 776 $ 457 $ 1,811
Credit-related notes:
Investment grade $ — $ — $ 9 $ 715 $ 724
Non-investment grade 5 5 37 1,119 1,166
Total credit-related notes $ 5 $ 5 $ 46 $ 1,834 $ 1,890
Maximum Payout/Notional
Credit default swaps:
Investment grade $ 35,634 $ 87,302 $ 150,225 $ 21,482 $ 294,643
Non-investment grade 15,070 30,255 43,969 4,233 93,527
Total 50,704 117,557 194,194 25,715 388,170
Total return swaps/options:
Investment grade 54,041 1,288 1,185 238 56,752
Non-investment grade 22,762 1,452 292 98 24,604
Total 76,803 2,740 1,477 336 81,356
Total credit derivatives $ 127,507 $ 120,297 $ 195,671 $ 26,051 $ 469,526
The notional amount represents the maximum amount payable by the Corporationfor most credit derivatives. However, the Corporation does not monitor its exposure tocredit derivatives based solely on the notional amount because this measure does nottake into consideration the probability of occurrence. As such, the notional amount isnot a reliable indicator of the Corporation’s exposure to these contracts. Instead, a riskframework is used to define risk tolerances and establish limits so that certain creditrisk-related losses occur within acceptable, predefined limits.Credit-related notes in the table above include investments in securities issued byCDO, CLO and credit-linked note vehicles. These instruments are primarily classifiedas trading
securities. The carrying value of these instruments equals the Corporation’s maximumexposure to loss. The Corporation is not obligated to make any payments to theentities under the terms of the securities owned.
Credit-related Contingent Features and CollateralThe Corporation executes the majority of its derivative contracts in the OTC marketwith large, international financial institutions, including broker-dealers and, to a lesserdegree, with a variety of nonfinancial companies. A significant majority of thederivative transactions are executed on a daily margin basis. Therefore, events suchas a credit rating downgrade (depending on the ultimate rating level) or a breach ofcredit covenants would typically require an increase in the amount of collateral
111 Bank of America
required of the counterparty, where applicable, and/or allow the Corporation to takeadditional protective measures such as early termination of all trades. Further, aspreviously discussed on page 158, the Corporation enters into legally enforceablemaster netting agreements that reduce risk by permitting closeout and netting oftransactions with the same counterparty upon the occurrence of certain events.Certain of the Corporation’s derivative contracts contain credit risk-relatedcontingent features, primarily in the form of ISDA master netting agreements andcredit support documentation that enhance the creditworthiness of these instrumentscompared to other obligations of the respective counterparty with whom theCorporation has transacted. These contingent features may be for the benefit of theCorporation as well as its counterparties with respect to changes in the Corporation’screditworthiness and the mark-to-market exposure under the derivative transactions.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held cash and securities collateralof $119.7 billion and $105.9 billion and posted cash and securities collateral of $97.8billion and $83.1 billion in the normal course of business under derivative agreements,excluding cross-product margining agreements where clients are permitted to marginon a net basis for both derivative and secured financing arrangements.In connection with certain OTC derivative contracts and other trading agreements,the Corporation can be required to provide additional collateral or to terminatetransactions with certain counterparties in the event of a downgrade of the senior debtratings of the Corporation or certain subsidiaries. The amount of additional collateralrequired depends on the contract and is usually a fixed incremental amount and/or themarket value of the exposure.At December 31, 2025, the amount of collateral, calculated based on the terms ofthe contracts, that the Corporation and certain subsidiaries could be required to postto counterparties but had not yet posted to counterparties was $2.8 billion, including$1.2 billion for Bank of America, National Association (BANA).Some counterparties are currently able to unilaterally terminate certain contracts,or the Corporation or certain subsidiaries may be required to take other action such asfind a suitable replacement or obtain a guarantee. At December 31, 2025 and 2024,the liability recorded for these derivative contracts was not significant.The following table presents the amount of additional collateral that would havebeen contractually required by derivative contracts and other trading agreements atDecember 31, 2025 if the rating agencies had downgraded their long-term senior debtratings for the Corporation or certain subsidiaries by one incremental notch and by anadditional second incremental notch. The table also presents derivative liabilities thatwould be subject to unilateral termination by counterparties upon downgrade of theCorporation's or certain subsidiaries’ long-term senior debt ratings.
Additional Collateral Required to be Posted and Derivative Liabilities Subject toUnilateral Termination Upon Downgradeat December 31, 2025
(Dollars in millions)
OneIncremental Notch
SecondIncremental Notch
Additional collateral required to be posted upondowngrade
Bank of America Corporation $ 146 $ 1,057
Bank of America, N.A. and subsidiaries 66 911
Derivative liabilities subject to unilateral terminationupon downgrade
Derivative liabilities $ 14 $ 131
Collateral posted 3 104
Included in Bank of America Corporation collateral requirements in this table.
Valuation Adjustments on DerivativesThe Corporation records credit risk valuation adjustments on derivatives in order toproperly reflect the credit quality of the counterparties and its own credit quality. TheCorporation calculates valuation adjustments on derivatives based on a modeledexpected exposure that incorporates current market risk factors. The exposure alsotakes into consideration credit mitigants such as enforceable master nettingagreements and collateral. CDS spread data is used to estimate the defaultprobabilities and severities that are applied to the exposures. Where no observablecredit default data is available for counterparties, the Corporation uses proxies andother market data to estimate default probabilities and severity.The table below presents credit valuation adjustment (CVA), DVA and FVA gains(losses) on derivatives (excluding the effect of any related hedge activities), which arerecorded in market making and similar activities, for 2025, 2024 and 2023. CVA gainsreduce the cumulative CVA thereby increasing the derivative assets balance. DVAgains increase the cumulative DVA thereby decreasing the derivative liabilitiesbalance. CVA and DVA losses have the opposite impact. FVA gains related toderivative assets reduce the cumulative FVA thereby increasing the derivative assetsbalance. FVA gains related to derivative liabilities increase the cumulative FVA therebydecreasing the derivative liabilities balance. FVA losses have the opposite impact.
Valuation Adjustments Gains (Losses) on Derivatives
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Derivative assets (CVA) $ (8) $ 31 $ 159
Derivative assets/liabilities (FVA) (50) 21 (33)
Derivative liabilities (DVA) (2) (27) (207)
At December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, cumulative CVA reduced the derivative assets balance by $336 million, $328 millionand $359 million, cumulative FVA reduced the net derivative balance by $116 million, $66 million and $87 million andcumulative DVA reduced the derivative liabilities balance by $270 million, $272 million and $299 million, respectively.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 112
NOTE 4 SecuritiesThe table below presents the amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of AFS debt securities, other debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debtsecurities at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Debt Securities
AmortizedCost
GrossUnrealizedGains
GrossUnrealizedLosses FairValue AmortizedCost
GrossUnrealizedGains
GrossUnrealizedLosses FairValue
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Available-for-sale debt securities
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency $ 34,240 $ 80 $ (1,179) $ 33,141 $ 32,781 $ 35 $ (1,614) $ 31,202
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 19,304 27 (132) 19,199 19,519 17 (218) 19,318
Commercial 38,688 191 (385) 38,494 26,032 73 (503) 25,602
Non-agency residential 273 55 (56) 272 287 50 (52) 285
Total mortgage-backed securities 92,505 353 (1,752) 91,106 78,619 175 (2,387) 76,407
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 250,065 390 (621) 249,834 235,582 150 (1,153) 234,579
Non-U.S. securities 31,765 20 (18) 31,767 22,453 20 (42) 22,431
Other taxable securities 6,328 12 (36) 6,304 4,646 2 (45) 4,603
Tax-exempt securities 7,948 15 (176) 7,787 8,628 17 (233) 8,412
Total available-for-sale debt securities 388,611 790 (2,603) 386,798 349,928 364 (3,860) 346,432
Other debt securities carried at fair value 16,066 200 (89) 16,177 12,352 59 (236) 12,175
Total debt securities carried at fair value 404,677 990 (2,692) 402,975 362,280 423 (4,096) 358,607
Held-to-maturity debt securities
Agency mortgage-backed securities 395,415 — (67,309) 328,106 430,135 — (88,458) 341,677
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 121,242 — (12,225) 109,017 121,696 — (18,661) 103,035
Other taxable securities 6,028 2 (723) 5,307 6,882 1 (1,047) 5,836
Total held-to-maturity debt securities 522,685 2 (80,257) 442,430 558,713 1 (108,166) 450,548
Total debt securities $ 927,362 $ 992 $ (82,949) $ 845,405 $ 920,993 $ 424 $ (112,262) $ 809,155
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the underlying collateral type included approximately 27 percent and 25 percent prime and 73 percent and 75 percent subprime.Primarily includes non-U.S. securities used to satisfy certain international regulatory requirements. Any changes in value are reported in market making and similar activities. For detail on the components, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.Includes securities pledged as collateral of $153.8 billion and $184.6 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.The Corporation held debt securities from FNMA and FHLMC that each exceeded 10 percent of shareholders’ equity, with an amortized cost of $246.9 billion and $158.5 billion, and a fair value of $208.0 billion and $133.6 billion at December 31, 2025, and anamortized cost of $260.9 billion and $169.0 billion, and a fair value of $209.6 billion and $136.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
At December 31, 2025, the accumulated net unrealized loss on AFS debtsecurities, excluding the amount related to debt securities previously transferred toheld to maturity, included in accumulated OCI was $1.3 billion, net of the relatedincome tax benefit of $437 million. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, nonperformingAFS debt securities held by the Corporation were not significant.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $863.7 billion and $871.1 billion of AFS and HTMdebt securities, which were predominantly U.S. agency and U.S. Treasury securities,had a zero credit loss assumption. For the same periods, the CECL on the remaining$47.6 billion and $37.5 billion of AFS and HTM debt securities were insignificant. Formore information on the zero credit loss assumption, see Note 1 – Summary ofSignificant Accounting Principles.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held equity securities at anaggregate fair value of $253 million and $247 million and other equity securities, asvalued under the measurement alternative, at a carrying value of $479 million
and $438 million, both of which are included in other assets. At December 31, 2025and 2024, the Corporation also held money market investments at a fair value of $1.2billion and $1.3 billion, which are included in time deposits placed and other short-terminvestments.The gross realized gains and losses on sales of AFS debt securities for 2025, 2024and 2023 are presented in the table below.
Gains and Losses on Sales of AFS Debt Securities
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Gross gains $ 66 $ 20 $ 109
Gross losses (86) (49) (514)
Net losses on sales of AFS debt securities $ (20) $ (29) $ (405)
Income tax expense (benefit) attributable to realized netgains (losses) on sales of AFS debt securities $ (5) $ (7) $ (101)
(1)
(2)
(3,4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
113 Bank of America
The table below presents the fair value and the associated gross unrealized losses on AFS debt securities and whether these securities have had gross unrealized losses forless than 12 months or for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Substantially all of the unrealized losses relate to debt securities that have a zero credit lossassumption.
Total AFS Debt Securities in a Continuous Unrealized Loss Position
Less than Twelve Months Twelve Months or Longer Total
FairValue
Gross Unrealized Losses FairValue
Gross Unrealized Losses FairValue
Gross Unrealized Losses
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Continuously unrealized loss-positioned AFS debt securities
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency $ 1,645 $ — $ 18,512 $ (1,179) $ 20,157 $ (1,179)
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 2,503 (5) 2,351 (127) 4,854 (132)
Commercial 8,795 (27) 5,527 (358) 14,322 (385)
Non-agency residential — — 154 (56) 154 (56)
Total mortgage-backed securities 12,943 (32) 26,544 (1,720) 39,487 (1,752)
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 5,398 (7) 68,763 (614) 74,161 (621)
Non-U.S. securities 10,891 (10) 2,808 (8) 13,699 (18)
Other taxable securities 979 (5) 1,356 (31) 2,335 (36)
Tax-exempt securities 415 (1) 1,730 (175) 2,145 (176)
Total AFS debt securities in a continuous unrealized loss position $ 30,626 $ (55) $ 101,201 $ (2,548) $ 131,827 $ (2,603)
December 31, 2024
Continuously unrealized loss-positioned AFS debt securities
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency $ 2,908 $ (22) $ 20,085 $ (1,592) $ 22,993 $ (1,614)
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations 9,597 (21) 1,493 (197) 11,090 (218)
Commercial 11,486 (57) 4,667 (446) 16,153 (503)
Non-agency residential — — 160 (52) 160 (52)
Total mortgage-backed securities 23,991 (100) 26,405 (2,287) 50,396 (2,387)
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 75,753 (135) 69,027 (1,018) 144,780 (1,153)
Non-U.S. securities 3,367 (26) 4,906 (16) 8,273 (42)
Other taxable securities 3,192 (5) 814 (40) 4,006 (45)
Tax-exempt securities 1,025 (20) 2,194 (213) 3,219 (233)
Total AFS debt securities in a continuous unrealized loss position $ 107,328 $ (286) $ 103,346 $ (3,574) $ 210,674 $ (3,860)
Bank of America 114
The remaining contractual maturity distribution and yields of the Corporation’s debt securities carried at fair value and HTM debt securities at December 31, 2025 aresummarized in the table below. Actual duration and yields may differ as prepayments on the loans underlying the MBS or other ABS are passed through to the Corporation.
Maturities of Debt Securities Carried at Fair Value and Held-to-maturity Debt Securities
Due in OneYear or Less Due after One Yearthrough Five Years Due after Five Yearsthrough Ten Years Due afterTen Years Total
(Dollars in millions) Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield Amount Yield
Amortized cost of debt securities carried at fair value
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency $ — — % $ 3 3.19 % $ 4 4.93 % $ 34,233 4.60 % $ 34,240 4.60 %
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations — — — — 1 1.00 19,303 5.59 19,304 5.59
Commercial 187 3.03 19,413 4.14 16,980 4.38 2,121 3.81 38,701 4.22
Non-agency residential — — — — 11 22.48 537 11.67 548 11.89
Total mortgage-backed securities 187 3.03 19,416 4.14 16,996 4.39 56,194 4.98 92,793 4.69
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 38,523 4.23 201,904 3.65 12,891 3.34 32 3.97 253,350 3.72
Non-U.S. securities 25,463 2.78 4,477 2.44 6,620 4.36 7,698 3.95 44,258 3.19
Other taxable securities 850 4.56 4,655 4.54 421 3.79 402 4.42 6,328 4.48
Tax-exempt securities 604 3.03 2,875 3.21 858 2.98 3,611 3.46 7,948 3.29
Total amortized cost of debt securities carried at fair value$ 65,627 3.66 $ 233,327 3.68 $ 37,786 3.99 $ 67,937 4.78 $ 404,677 3.89
Amortized cost of HTM debt securities
Agency mortgage-backed securities $ — — % $ — — % $ 50 2.91 % $ 395,365 2.11 % $ 395,415 2.11 %
U.S. Treasury and government agencies — — 76,753 1.36 44,489 1.44 — — 121,242 1.39
Other taxable securities 504 1.73 346 3.14 241 2.57 4,937 2.53 6,028 2.50
Total amortized cost of HTM debt securities$ 504 1.73 $ 77,099 1.37 $ 44,780 1.45 $ 400,302 2.12 $ 522,685 1.95
Debt securities carried at fair value
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency $ — $ 3 $ 4 $ 33,134 $ 33,141
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations — — 1 19,198 19,199
Commercial 185 19,411 16,951 1,955 38,502
Non-agency residential — — 29 491 520
Total mortgage-backed securities 185 19,414 16,985 54,778 91,362
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 38,638 201,692 12,759 30 253,119
Non-U.S. securities 25,606 4,481 6,616 7,694 44,397
Other taxable securities 847 4,652 413 395 6,307
Tax-exempt securities 603 2,862 858 3,467 7,790
Total debt securities carried at fair value$ 65,879 $ 233,101 $ 37,631 $ 66,364 $ 402,975
Fair value of HTM debt securities
Agency mortgage-backed securities $ — $ — $ 48 $ 328,058 $ 328,106
U.S. Treasury and government agencies — 69,430 39,587 — 109,017
Other taxable securities 502 338 199 4,268 5,307
Total fair value of HTM debt securities $ 502 $ 69,768 $ 39,834 $ 332,326 $ 442,430
The weighted-average yield is computed based on a constant effective yield over the contractual life of each security. The yield considers the contractual coupon and the amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, excluding the effect of related openhedging derivatives.
(1) (1) (1) (1) (1)
(1)
115 Bank of America
NOTE 5 Outstanding Loans and Leases and Allowance for Credit LossesThe following tables present total outstanding loans and leases and an aging analysis for the Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfoliosegments, by class of financing receivables, at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due
90 Days orMorePast Due
Total PastDue 30 Daysor More
Total Current or Less Than 30 Days Past Due
Loans Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option TotalOutstandings
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Consumer real estate
Residential mortgage $ 1,335 $ 304 $ 774 $ 2,413 $ 233,889 $ 236,302
Home equity 87 33 120 240 26,583 26,823
Credit card and other consumer
Credit card 711 542 1,351 2,604 103,423 106,027
Direct/Indirect consumer 324 114 109 547 113,583 114,130
Other consumer — — — — 144 144
Total consumer 2,457 993 2,354 5,804 477,622 483,426
Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option $ 165 165
Total consumer loans and leases 2,457 993 2,354 5,804 477,622 165 483,591
Commercial
U.S. commercial 743 228 702 1,673 434,569 436,242
Non-U.S. commercial 78 10 59 147 154,898 155,045
Commercial real estate 190 41 909 1,140 67,608 68,748
Commercial lease financing 67 17 75 159 16,082 16,241
U.S. small business commercial 228 96 211 535 21,965 22,500
Total commercial 1,306 392 1,956 3,654 695,122 698,776
Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option 3,333 3,333
Total commercial loans and leases 1,306 392 1,956 3,654 695,122 3,333 702,109
Total loans and leases $ 3,763 $ 1,385 $ 4,310 $ 9,458 $ 1,172,744 $ 3,498 $ 1,185,700
Percentage of outstandings 0.32 % 0.12 % 0.36 % 0.80 % 98.91 % 0.29 % 100.00 %
Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $179 million and nonperforming loans of $164 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $63 million and nonperforming loans of $105million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $207 million and nonperforming loans of $687 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $1.4 billion, and direct/indirect consumerincludes $45 million of nonperforming loans.Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $55.3 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $55.0 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $3.0 billion.Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $58 million and home equity loans of $107 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.1 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $1.2 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option.Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $62.7 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $6.0 billion.Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $39.5 billion. The Corporation also pledged $313.7 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and FederalHome Loan Bank.
(1) (1) (1) (1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(3)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 116
30-59 DaysPast Due 60-89 Days Past Due
90 Days orMorePast Due
Total PastDue 30 Daysor More
TotalCurrent orLess Than30 DaysPast Due
LoansAccountedfor Underthe FairValue Option Total Outstandings
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2024
Consumer real estate
Residential mortgage $ 1,222 $ 288 $ 788 $ 2,298 $ 225,901 $ 228,199
Home equity 80 40 127 247 25,490 25,737
Credit card and other consumer
Credit card 685 552 1,401 2,638 100,928 103,566
Direct/Indirect consumer 290 113 106 509 106,613 107,122
Other consumer — — — — 151 151
Total consumer 2,277 993 2,422 5,692 459,083 464,775
Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option $ 221 221
Total consumer loans and leases 2,277 993 2,422 5,692 459,083 221 464,996
Commercial
U.S. commercial 910 228 345 1,483 385,507 386,990
Non-U.S. commercial 65 17 4 86 137,432 137,518
Commercial real estate 640 121 990 1,751 63,979 65,730
Commercial lease financing 32 9 19 60 15,648 15,708
U.S. small business commercial 190 94 199 483 20,382 20,865
Total commercial 1,837 469 1,557 3,863 622,948 626,811
Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option 4,028 4,028
Total commercial loans and leases 1,837 469 1,557 3,863 622,948 4,028 630,839
Total loans and leases $ 4,114 $ 1,462 $ 3,979 $ 9,555 $ 1,082,031 $ 4,249 $ 1,095,835
Percentage of outstandings 0.38 % 0.13 % 0.36 % 0.87 % 98.74 % 0.39 % 100.00 %
Consumer real estate loans 30-59 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $188 million and nonperforming loans of $174 million. Consumer real estate loans 60-89 days past due includes fully-insured loans of $71 million and nonperforming loans of $107million. Consumer real estate loans 90 days or more past due includes fully-insured loans of $229 million and nonperforming loans of $686 million. Consumer real estate loans current or less than 30 days past due includes $1.5 billion, and direct/indirect consumerincludes $54 million of nonperforming loans.Total outstandings primarily includes auto and specialty lending loans and leases of $54.9 billion, U.S. securities-based lending loans of $48.7 billion and non-U.S. consumer loans of $2.8 billion.Consumer loans accounted for under the fair value option includes residential mortgage loans of $59 million and home equity loans of $162 million. Commercial loans accounted for under the fair value option includes U.S. commercial loans of $2.8 billion and non-U.S. commercial loans of $1.3 billion. For more information, see Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements and Note 21 – Fair Value Option.Total outstandings includes U.S. commercial real estate loans of $59.6 billion and non-U.S. commercial real estate loans of $6.1 billion.Total outstandings includes loans and leases pledged as collateral of $26.8 billion. The Corporation also pledged $305.2 billion of loans with no related outstanding borrowings to secure potential borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank and FederalHome Loan Bank.
The Corporation has entered into long-term credit protection agreements withFNMA and FHLMC on loans totaling $7.2 billion and $8.0 billion at December 31,2025 and 2024, providing full credit protection on residential mortgage loans thatbecome severely delinquent. All of these loans are individually insured, and thereforethe Corporation does not record an allowance for credit losses related to these loans.
Nonperforming Loans and LeasesNonperforming loans were $5.8 billion and $6.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and2024. Commercial nonperforming loans were $3.2 billion and $3.3 billion at December31, 2025 and 2024, primarily comprised of commercial real estate and
U.S. commercial. Consumer nonperforming loans were $2.6 billion at both December31, 2025 and 2024, primarily comprised of residential mortgage.The following table presents the Corporation’s nonperforming loans and leasesand loans accruing past due 90 days or more at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Nonperforming LHFS are excluded from nonperforming loans and leases, as they arerecorded at either fair value or the lower of cost or fair value. For more information onthe criteria for classification as nonperforming, see Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles.
(1) (1) (1) (1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(3)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
117 Bank of America
Credit Quality
Nonperforming Loansand Leases Accruing Past Due90 Days or More
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
Residential mortgage $ 2,008 $ 2,052 $ 207 $ 229
With no related allowance 1,774 1,883 — —
Home equity 392 409 — —
With no related allowance 310 334 — —
Credit Card n/a n/a 1,351 1,401
Direct/indirect consumer 176 186 5 1
Total consumer 2,576 2,647 1,563 1,631
U.S. commercial 1,404 1,204 302 90
Non-U.S. commercial 80 8 9 4
Commercial real estate 1,596 2,068 10 6
Commercial lease financing 97 20 33 3
U.S. small business commercial 51 28 204 197
Total commercial 3,228 3,328 558 300
Total nonperforming loans $ 5,804 $ 5,975 $ 2,121 $ 1,931
Percentage of outstanding loans and leases 0.49 % 0.55 % 0.18 % 0.18 %
Residential mortgage loans accruing past due 90 days or more are fully-insured loans. At December 31, 2025 and 2024 residential mortgage included $104 million and $119 million of loans on which interest had been curtailed by the FHA, and therefore were nolonger accruing interest, although principal was still insured, and $103 million and $110 million of loans on which interest was still accruing.Primarily relates to loans for which the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral less any costs to sell is greater than the amortized cost of the loans as of the reporting date.n/a = not applicable
Credit Quality IndicatorsThe Corporation monitors credit quality within its Consumer Real Estate, Credit Cardand Other Consumer, and Commercial portfolio segments based on primary creditquality indicators. For more information on the portfolio segments, see Note 1 –Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. Within the Consumer Real Estateportfolio segment, the primary credit quality indicators are refreshed LTV andrefreshed Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) score. Refreshed LTV measures the carryingvalue of the loan as a percentage of the value of the property securing the loan,refreshed quarterly. Home equity loans are evaluated using CLTV, which measuresthe carrying value of the Corporation’s loan and available line of credit combined withany outstanding senior liens against the property as a percentage of the value of theproperty securing the loan, refreshed quarterly. FICO score measures thecreditworthiness of the borrower based on the financial obligations of the borrowerand the borrower’s credit history. FICO scores are typically refreshed quarterly ormore frequently. Certain borrowers (e.g., borrowers that have had debts discharged ina bankruptcy proceeding) may not have their FICO scores updated. FICO scores arealso a
primary credit quality indicator for the Credit Card and Other Consumer portfoliosegment and the business card portfolio within U.S. small business commercial.Within the Commercial portfolio segment, loans are evaluated using the internalclassifications of pass rated or reservable criticized as the primary credit qualityindicators. The term reservable criticized refers to those commercial loans that areinternally classified or listed by the Corporation as Special Mention, Substandard orDoubtful, which are asset quality categories defined by regulatory authorities. Theseassets have an elevated level of risk and may have a high probability of default or totalloss. Pass rated refers to all loans not considered reservable criticized. In addition tothese primary credit quality indicators, the Corporation uses other credit qualityindicators for certain types of loans.The following tables present certain credit quality indicators and gross charge-offsfor the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, andCommercial portfolio segments by year of origination, except for revolving loans andrevolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregatebasis at December 31, 2025.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 118
Residential Mortgage – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Term Loans by Origination Year
(Dollars in millions)
Total as ofDecember 31, 2025 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Prior
Residential Mortgage
Refreshed LTV
Less than or equal to 90 percent $ 223,761 $ 22,998 $ 14,267 $ 12,431 $ 37,042 $ 69,829 $ 67,194
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 2,318 737 644 375 405 94 63
Greater than 100 percent 1,147 453 341 126 137 50 40
Fully-insured loans 9,076 157 198 167 277 2,890 5,387
Total Residential Mortgage $ 236,302 $ 24,345 $ 15,450 $ 13,099 $ 37,861 $ 72,863 $ 72,684
Residential Mortgage
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 3,076 $ 197 $ 242 $ 193 $ 533 $ 724 $ 1,187
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660 2,277 192 150 143 408 540 844
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740 25,065 2,488 1,854 1,507 4,253 6,668 8,295
Greater than or equal to 740 196,808 21,311 13,006 11,089 32,390 62,041 56,971
Fully-insured loans 9,076 157 198 167 277 2,890 5,387
Total Residential Mortgage $ 236,302 $ 24,345 $ 15,450 $ 13,099 $ 37,861 $ 72,863 $ 72,684
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 24 $ — $ 4 $ 6 $ 6 $ 2 $ 6
Home Equity - Credit Quality Indicators
Total Home Equity Loans andReverse Mortgages Revolving Loans Revolving LoansConverted to Term Loans
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Home Equity
Refreshed LTV
Less than or equal to 90 percent $ 26,686 $ 687 $ 22,909 $ 3,090
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 70 3 63 4
Greater than 100 percent 67 7 51 9
Total Home Equity $ 26,823 $ 697 $ 23,023 $ 3,103
Home Equity
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 701 $ 67 $ 399 $ 235
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660 595 44 375 176
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740 5,036 173 4,057 806
Greater than or equal to 740 20,491 413 18,192 1,886
Total Home Equity $ 26,823 $ 697 $ 23,023 $ 3,103
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 16 $ — $ 10 $ 6
Includes reverse mortgages of $457 million and home equity loans of $240 million, which are no longer originated.
Credit Card and Direct/Indirect Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Direct/Indirect
Term Loans by Origination Year Credit Card
(Dollars in millions)
Total Direct/Indirect as ofDecember 31,2025 RevolvingLoans 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Prior
Total Credit Cardas of December 31,2025 RevolvingLoans
RevolvingLoansConverted toTerm Loans
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 1,560 $ 8 $ 274 $ 386 $ 404 $ 306 $ 141 $ 41 $ 6,255 $ 5,872 $ 383
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 6601,251 4 352 327 266 186 85 31 5,883 5,640 243
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than 7409,117 37 3,739 2,236 1,491 986 439 189 41,176 40,679 497
Greater than or equal to 740 43,475 49 18,136 11,534 6,744 4,107 1,865 1,040 52,713 52,632 81
Other internal credit metrics 58,727 57,999 222 66 31 174 39 196 — — —
Total credit card and other consumer $ 114,130 $ 58,097 $ 22,723 $ 14,549 $ 8,936 $ 5,759 $ 2,569 $ 1,497 $ 106,027 $ 104,823 $ 1,204
Gross charge-offs for the year endedDecember 31, 2025 $ 373 $ 6 $ 44 $ 110 $ 92 $ 64 $ 26 $ 31 $ 4,498 $ 4,338 $ 160
Represents loans that were modified into term loans.Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.Direct/indirect consumer includes $58.0 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2025.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2,3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
119 Bank of America
Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Term Loans
Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year
(Dollars in millions)
Total as ofDecember 31,2025 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 Prior Revolving Loans
U.S. Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 424,708 $ 61,845 $ 39,127 $ 23,611 $ 26,931 $ 16,001 $ 36,627 $ 220,566
Reservable criticized 11,534 164 772 965 946 611 2,091 5,985
Total U.S. Commercial $ 436,242 $ 62,009 $ 39,899 $ 24,576 $ 27,877 $ 16,612 $ 38,718 $ 226,551
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 536 $ 3 $ 13 $ 35 $ 101 $ 12 $ 34 $ 338
Non-U.S. Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 152,364 $ 25,753 $ 21,446 $ 9,613 $ 8,612 $ 9,223 $ 6,066 $ 71,651
Reservable criticized 2,681 120 117 478 311 63 114 1,478
Total Non-U.S. Commercial $ 155,045 $ 25,873 $ 21,563 $ 10,091 $ 8,923 $ 9,286 $ 6,180 $ 73,129
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 33 $ — $ — $ 7 $ — $ 8 $ — $ 18
Commercial Real Estate
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 60,435 $ 11,693 $ 5,607 $ 4,418 $ 8,136 $ 6,175 $ 13,796 $ 10,610
Reservable criticized 8,313 5 249 366 2,294 1,986 2,874 539
Total Commercial Real Estate $ 68,748 $ 11,698 $ 5,856 $ 4,784 $ 10,430 $ 8,161 $ 16,670 $ 11,149
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 520 $ — $ — $ — $ 56 $ 102 $ 360 $ 2
Commercial Lease Financing
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 15,770 $ 3,916 $ 3,142 $ 2,763 $ 1,847 $ 1,625 $ 2,477 $ —
Reservable criticized 471 13 91 131 119 36 81 —
Total Commercial Lease Financing $ 16,241 $ 3,929 $ 3,233 $ 2,894 $ 1,966 $ 1,661 $ 2,558 $ —
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 8 $ — $ 2 $ 3 $ 2 $ 1 $ — $ —
U.S. Small Business Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 11,001 $ 2,368 $ 1,908 $ 1,657 $ 1,471 $ 1,131 $ 1,670 $ 796
Reservable criticized 559 14 100 174 95 76 92 8
Total U.S. Small Business Commercial $ 11,560 $ 2,382 $ 2,008 $ 1,831 $ 1,566 $ 1,207 $ 1,762 $ 804
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 32 $ — $ 1 $ 2 $ 3 $ 2 $ 6 $ 18
Total $ 687,836 $ 105,891 $ 72,559 $ 44,176 $ 50,762 $ 36,927 $ 65,888 $ 311,633
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2025 $ 1,129 $ 3 $ 16 $ 47 $ 162 $ 125 $ 400 $ 376
Excludes $3.3 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2025.Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $10.9 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $785 million for less than 620; $651 million for greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660; $3.6 billion for greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740;and $5.9 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $555 million.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 120
The following tables present certain credit quality indicators for the Corporation's Consumer Real Estate, Credit Card and Other Consumer, and Commercial portfoliosegments by year of origination, except for revolving loans and revolving loans that were modified into term loans, which are shown on an aggregate basis at December 31,2024.
Residential Mortgage – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Term Loans by Origination Year
(Dollars in millions)
Total as of December 31, 2024 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior
Residential Mortgage
Refreshed LTV
Less than or equal to 90 percent $ 215,575 $ 18,115 $ 12,910 $ 36,748 $ 71,912 $ 32,504 $ 43,386
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 1,848 724 463 471 122 31 37
Greater than 100 percent 863 428 195 144 56 15 25
Fully-insured loans 9,913 288 190 302 3,153 2,568 3,412
Total Residential Mortgage $ 228,199 $ 19,555 $ 13,758 $ 37,665 $ 75,243 $ 35,118 $ 46,860
Residential Mortgage
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 2,619 $ 172 $ 171 $ 484 $ 649 $ 427 $ 716
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660 2,187 170 145 396 515 366 595
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740 25,166 2,167 1,745 4,542 7,008 3,801 5,903
Greater than or equal to 740 188,314 16,758 11,507 31,941 63,918 27,956 36,234
Fully-insured loans 9,913 288 190 302 3,153 2,568 3,412
Total Residential Mortgage $ 228,199 $ 19,555 $ 13,758 $ 37,665 $ 75,243 $ 35,118 $ 46,860
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 21 $ 2 $ 3 $ 6 $ 2 $ 1 $ 7
Home Equity - Credit Quality Indicators
Total Home Equity Loans andReverse Mortgages Revolving Loans Revolving LoansConverted to Term Loans
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2024
Home Equity
Refreshed LTV
Less than or equal to 90 percent $ 25,638 $ 780 $ 21,450 $ 3,408
Greater than 90 percent but less than or equal to 100 percent 51 4 42 5
Greater than 100 percent 48 3 34 11
Total Home Equity $ 25,737 $ 787 $ 21,526 $ 3,424
Home Equity
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 645 $ 72 $ 320 $ 253
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660 577 46 339 192
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740 4,911 198 3,779 934
Greater than or equal to 740 19,604 471 17,088 2,045
Total Home Equity $ 25,737 $ 787 $ 21,526 $ 3,424
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 21 $ 6 $ 9 $ 6
Includes reverse mortgages of $500 million and home equity loans of $287 million, which are no longer originated.
(1)
(1)
121 Bank of America
Credit Card and Direct/Indirect Consumer – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Direct/Indirect
Term Loans by Origination Year Credit Card
(Dollars in millions)
Total Direct/Indirectas of December 31,2024 RevolvingLoans 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior
Total Credit Card asof December 31,2024 RevolvingLoans
RevolvingLoansConverted toTerm Loans
Refreshed FICO score
Less than 620 $ 1,483 $ 10 $ 249 $ 452 $ 433 $ 243 $ 53 $ 43 $ 5,866 $ 5,511 $ 355
Greater than or equal to 620 and less than660 1,219 4 352 363 282 150 38 30 5,746 5,537 209
Greater than or equal to 660 and less than740 9,212 47 3,421 2,515 1,828 947 255 199 40,871 40,456 415
Greater than or equal to 740 43,141 67 17,889 11,240 7,635 3,908 1,319 1,083 51,083 51,019 64
Other internal credit metrics 52,067 51,433 165 51 127 95 36 160 — — —
Total credit card and other consumer $ 107,122 $ 51,561 $ 22,076 $ 14,621 $ 10,305 $ 5,343 $ 1,701 $ 1,515 $ 103,566 $ 102,523 $ 1,043
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024$ 399 $ 5 $ 46 $ 144 $ 109 $ 51 $ 12 $ 32 $ 4,365 $ 4,188 $ 177
Represents loans that were modified into term loans.Other internal credit metrics may include delinquency status, geography or other factors.Direct/indirect consumer includes $51.4 billion of securities-based lending, which is typically supported by highly liquid collateral with market value greater than or equal to the outstanding loan balance and therefore has minimal credit risk at December 31, 2024.
Commercial – Credit Quality Indicators By Vintage
Term Loans
Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year
(Dollars in millions)
Total as of December31, 2024 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Prior Revolving Loans
U.S. Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 374,380 $ 49,587 $ 33,352 $ 34,015 $ 20,801 $ 10,172 $ 34,176 $ 192,277
Reservable criticized 12,610 157 901 1,035 799 340 1,996 7,382
Total U.S. Commercial $ 386,990 $ 49,744 $ 34,253 $ 35,050 $ 21,600 $ 10,512 $ 36,172 $ 199,659
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 439 $ 3 $ 122 $ 80 $ 19 $ 4 $ 63 $ 148
Non-U.S. Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 135,720 $ 27,119 $ 14,268 $ 12,220 $ 11,750 $ 1,328 $ 6,777 $ 62,258
Reservable criticized 1,798 22 180 145 310 8 106 1,027
Total Non-U.S. Commercial $ 137,518 $ 27,141 $ 14,448 $ 12,365 $ 12,060 $ 1,336 $ 6,883 $ 63,285
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 81 $ — $ 41 $ 22 $ 16 $ — $ — $ 2
Commercial Real Estate
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 55,607 $ 5,422 $ 4,935 $ 10,755 $ 8,990 $ 2,911 $ 13,310 $ 9,284
Reservable criticized 10,123 41 211 3,252 2,100 588 3,372 559
Total Commercial Real Estate $ 65,730 $ 5,463 $ 5,146 $ 14,007 $ 11,090 $ 3,499 $ 16,682 $ 9,843
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 894 $ — $ — $ 57 $ 83 $ 62 $ 663 $ 29
Commercial Lease Financing
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 15,417 $ 3,902 $ 3,675 $ 2,465 $ 1,921 $ 1,033 $ 2,421 $ —
Reservable criticized 291 9 96 67 52 23 44 —
Total Commercial Lease Financing $ 15,708 $ 3,911 $ 3,771 $ 2,532 $ 1,973 $ 1,056 $ 2,465 $ —
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ 2 $ — $ — $ —
U.S. Small Business Commercial
Risk ratings
Pass rated $ 9,806 $ 1,926 $ 1,887 $ 1,650 $ 1,302 $ 604 $ 1,992 $ 445
Reservable criticized 443 8 83 104 115 25 105 3
Total U.S. Small Business Commercial $ 10,249 $ 1,934 $ 1,970 $ 1,754 $ 1,417 $ 629 $ 2,097 $ 448
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 30 $ — $ 1 $ 2 $ 1 $ 6 $ 7 $ 13
Total $ 616,195 $ 88,193 $ 59,588 $ 65,708 $ 48,140 $ 17,032 $ 64,299 $ 273,235
Gross charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2024 $ 1,446 $ 3 $ 164 $ 161 $ 121 $ 72 $ 733 $ 192
Excludes $4.0 billion of loans accounted for under the fair value option at December 31, 2024. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans of $10.6 billion. Refreshed FICO scores for this portfolio are $699 million for less than 620; $600 million for greater than or equal to 620 and less than 660; $3.6 billion for greater than or equal to 660 and less than 740; and$5.8 billion greater than or equal to 740. Excludes U.S. Small Business Card loans gross charge-offs of $489 million.
(1)
(2, 3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 122
During 2025, commercial reservable criticized utilized exposure decreased to$24.7 billion at December 31, 2025 from $26.5 billion (to 3.37 percent from 4.01percent of total commercial reservable utilized exposure) at December 31, 2024,primarily driven by commercial real estate.
Loan Modifications to Borrowers in Financial DifficultyAs part of its credit risk management, the Corporation may modify a loan agreementwith a borrower experiencing financial difficulties through a refinancing or restructuringof the borrower’s loan agreement (modification programs).
Consumer Real EstateThe following modification programs are offered for consumer real estate loans toborrowers experiencing financial difficulties, in addition to borrowers affected bynatural disasters.
Forbearance and Other Payment Plans: Forbearance plans generally consist of theCorporation suspending the borrower’s payments for a defined period, with thosepayments then due over a defined period of time or at the conclusion of theforbearance period. The aging status of a loan is generally frozen when it enters into aforbearance plan. If a borrower is unable to fulfill their obligations under theforbearance plans, they may be offered a trial offer or permanent modification.
Trial Offer and Permanent Modifications: Trial offer for modification plans generallyconsist of the Corporation offering a borrower modified loan terms that reduce theircontractual payments temporarily over a three-to-four-month trial period. If thecustomer successfully makes the modified payments during the trial period andformally accepts the modified terms, the modified loan terms become permanent.Some borrowers may enter into permanent modifications without a trial period. In apermanent modification, the borrower’s payment terms are typically modified in morethan one manner, but generally include a term extension and an interest ratereduction. At times, the permanent modification may also include principal forgivenessand/or a deferral of past due principal and interest amounts to the end of the loanterm. The combinations utilized are based on modifying the terms that give theborrower an improved ability to meet the contractual obligations. The term extensionsgranted for residential mortgage and home equity permanent modifications varywidely and can be up to 30 years, but mostly are in the range of 1 to 20 years.Principal forgiveness and payment deferrals were insignificant during 2025 and 2024.The table below provides the ending amortized cost of the Corporation’s modifiedconsumer real estate loans at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Consumer Real Estate - Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty
Forbearance andOther Payment Plans PermanentModification Total As a % of FinancingReceivables
(Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025
Residential Loans $ 44 $ 157 $ 201 0.09 %
Home Equity — 21 21 0.08
Total $ 44 $ 178 $ 222 0.08
Year Ended December 31, 2024
Residential Loans $ 46 $ 186 $ 232 0.10 %
Home Equity 1 31 32 0.12
Total $ 47 $ 217 $ 264 0.10
The table below presents the financial effect of modified consumer real estate loans.
Financial Effect of Modified Consumer Real Estate Loans
Year Ended December 31
2025 2024
Forbearance and Other Payment Plans
Weighted-average duration
Residential Mortgage 5 months 7 months
Home Equity n/m n/m
Permanent Modifications
Weighted-average Term Extension
Residential Mortgage 10.0 years 9.6 years
Home Equity 14.1 years 17.7 years
Weighted-average Interest Rate Reduction
Residential Mortgage 1.31 % 1.25 %
Home Equity 2.33 % 2.61 %
n/m = not meaningful
For consumer real estate borrowers in financial difficulty that received a forbearance, trial or permanent modification, commitments to lend additional funds were notsignificant at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
123 Bank of America
The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectivenessof modification programs. During 2025 and 2024, defaults of residential and homeequity loans that had been modified within 12 months were $110 million and
$128 million. The table below provides aging information as of December 31, 2025and 2024 for consumer real estate loans that were modified over the last 12 months.
Consumer Real Estate - Payment Status of Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty
Current 30–89 DaysPast Due 90+ DaysPast Due Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Residential mortgage $ 106 $ 45 $ 50 $ 201
Home equity 18 2 1 21
Total $ 124 $ 47 $ 51 $ 222
December 31, 2024
Residential mortgage $ 123 $ 54 $ 55 $ 232
Home equity 28 2 2 32
Total $ 151 $ 56 $ 57 $ 264
Consumer real estate foreclosed properties totaled $58 million and $60 million atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024. The carrying value of consumer real estate loans,including fully-insured loans, for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in processat December 31, 2025 and 2024, was $411 million and $464 million. During 2025 and2024, the Corporation reclassified $51 million and $89 million of consumer real estateloans to foreclosed properties or, for properties acquired upon foreclosure of certaingovernment-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans), to other assets. Thereclassifications represent non-cash investing activities and, accordingly, are notreflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
Credit Card and Other ConsumerCredit card and other consumer loans are primarily modified by placing the customeron a fixed payment plan with a significantly reduced fixed interest rate, with termsranging from 6 months to 72 months, most of which had a 60-month term atDecember 31, 2025. In certain circumstances, the Corporation will forgive a portion ofthe outstanding balance if the borrower makes payments up to a set amount. TheCorporation makes modifications directly with borrowers for loans held by theCorporation (internal programs) as well as through third-party renegotiation agenciesthat provide solutions to customers’ entire unsecured debt structures (externalprograms). The December 31, 2025 amortized cost of credit card and other consumerloans that were modified through these programs during 2025 was $705 millioncompared to $650 million in 2024. These modifications represented 0.32 percent ofoutstanding credit card and other consumer loans for 2025 compared to 0.31 percentfor 2024. During 2025, the financial effect of modifications resulted in a weighted-average interest rate reduction of 17.77 percent compared to 18.89 percent in 2024,and principal forgiveness of $101 million compared to $113 million in 2024.
The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectivenessof modification programs. During 2025 and 2024, defaults of credit card and otherconsumer loans that had been modified within 12 months were insignificant. AtDecember 31, 2025, modified credit card and other consumer loans to borrowersexperiencing financial difficulty over the last 12 months totaled $705 million, of which$602 million were current, $59 million were 30-89 days past due, and $44 million weregreater than 90 days past due. At December 31, 2024, modified credit card and otherconsumer loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty totaled $650 million, ofwhich $546 million were current, $58 million were 30-89 days past due, and$46 million were greater than 90 days past due.
Commercial LoansModifications of loans to commercial borrowers experiencing financial difficulty aredesigned to reduce the Corporation’s loss exposure while providing borrowers with anopportunity to work through financial difficulties, often to avoid foreclosure orbankruptcy. Each modification is unique, reflects the borrower’s individualcircumstances and is designed to benefit the borrower while mitigating theCorporation’s risk exposure. Commercial modifications are primarily term extensionsand payment forbearances. Payment forbearances involve the Corporation forbearingits contractual right to collect certain payments or payment in full (maturityforbearance) for a defined period of time. Reductions in interest rates and principalforgiveness occur infrequently for commercial borrowers. Principal forgiveness mayoccur in connection with foreclosure, short sales or other settlement agreements,leading to termination or sale of the loan. The following table provides the endingamortized cost of commercial loans modified during 2025 and 2024.
Bank of America 124
Commercial Loans - Modifications to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty
Term Extension Forbearances Interest RateReduction Total As a % of FinancingReceivables
(Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025
U.S. commercial $ 1,791 $ 41 $ — $ 1,832 0.42 %
Non-U.S. commercial 23 9 — 32 0.02
Commercial real estate 1,394 584 — 1,978 2.88
Total $ 3,208 $ 634 $ — $ 3,842 0.58
Year Ended December 31, 2024
U.S. commercial $ 1,266 $ 262 $ — $ 1,528 0.39 %
Non-U.S. commercial 27 — — 27 0.02
Commercial real estate 1,849 444 100 2,393 3.64
Total $ 3,142 $ 706 $ 100 $ 3,948 0.67
Term extensions granted increased the weighted-average life of the impactedloans by 1.3 years during 2025 compared to 1.7 years in 2024. The weighted-averageduration of loan payments deferred under the Corporation’s commercial loanforbearance program was 1.3 years and 9 months during 2025 and 2024. The deferralperiod for loan payments can vary, but are mostly in the range of 8 months to 2 years.Modifications of loans to troubled borrowers for Commercial Lease Financing and U.S.Small Business Commercial were not significant during 2025.
The Corporation tracks the performance of modified loans to assess effectivenessof modification programs. In 2025 and 2024, defaults of commercial loans that hadbeen modified within 12 months were $296 million and $102 million. The table belowprovides aging information as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 for commercial loansthat were modified over the last 12 months.
Commercial - Payment Status of Modified Loans to Borrowers in Financial Difficulty
Current 30–89 DaysPast Due 90+ DaysPast Due Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
U.S. Commercial $ 1,673 $ 13 $ 146 $ 1,832
Non-U.S. Commercial 32 — — 32
Commercial Real Estate 1,403 17 558 1,978
Total $ 3,108 $ 30 $ 704 $ 3,842
December 31, 2024
U.S. Commercial $ 1,346 $ 70 $ 112 $ 1,528
Non-U.S. Commercial 27 — — 27
Commercial Real Estate 2,100 90 203 2,393
Total $ 3,473 $ 160 $ 315 $ 3,948
For 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to lend $966 million and$1.3 billion to commercial borrowers experiencing financial difficulty whose loans weremodified during the period.
Loans Held-for-saleThe Corporation had LHFS of $5.2 billion and $9.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and2024. Cash and non-cash proceeds from sales and paydowns of loans originallyclassified as LHFS were $35.6 billion, $32.3 billion and $16.3 billion for 2025, 2024and 2023. Cash used for originations and purchases of LHFS totaled $30.4 billion,$36.2 billion and $15.6 billion for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Also included were non-cashnet transfers into LHFS of $79 million, $0 and $632 million during 2025, 2024 and2023, which are not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.
Accrued Interest ReceivableAccrued interest receivable for loans and leases and LHFS was $4.2 billion and $4.3billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 and is reported in customer and otherreceivables on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Outstanding credit card loan balances include unpaid principal, interest and fees.Credit card loans are not classified as nonperforming but are charged off no later thanthe end of the month in which the account becomes 180 days past due, within 60 daysafter receipt of notification of death or bankruptcy, or upon confirmation of fraud.During 2025, the Corporation reversed $870 million of interest and fee income againstthe income statement line item in which it was originally recorded upon charge-off ofthe principal balance of the loan compared to $856 million in 2024.For the outstanding residential mortgage, home equity, direct/indirect consumerand commercial loan balances classified as nonperforming during 2025 and 2024,interest and fee income reversed at the time the loans were classified asnonperforming was not significant. For more information on the Corporation'snonperforming loan policies, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant AccountingPrinciples.
Allowance for Credit LossesThe allowance for credit losses is estimated using quantitative and qualitativemethods that consider a variety of factors, such as historical loss experience, thecurrent credit quality of the portfolio and an economic outlook over the life of the loan.
125 Bank of America
Qualitative reserves cover losses that are expected but, in the Corporation'sassessment, may not adequately be reflected in the quantitative methods or theeconomic assumptions. The economic outlook is a significant factor and incorporatesforward-looking information through the use of several macroeconomic scenarios indetermining the weighted economic outlook over the forecasted life of the assets.These scenarios include key macroeconomic variables such as gross domesticproduct, unemployment rate, real estate prices and corporate bond spreads. Thescenarios that are chosen each quarter and the weighting given to each scenariodepend on a variety of factors including recent economic events, leading economicindicators, internal and third-party economist views, and industry trends. For moreinformation on the Corporation's credit loss accounting policies including theallowance for credit losses, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant AccountingPrinciples.The December 31, 2025 estimate for allowance for credit losses was based onvarious economic scenarios, including a baseline scenario derived from consensusestimates, an adverse scenario reflecting a moderate recession, a downside scenarioreflecting continued inflation, a tail risk scenario similar to the severely adversescenario used in stress testing and an upside scenario that considers the potential forimprovement above the baseline scenario. The Corporation’s overall weightedeconomic outlook as of December 31, 2025 remained relatively stable as compared tothe weighted economic outlook estimated as of December 31, 2024. The weightedeconomic outlook for the Corporation’s quantitative reserves assumes that the U.S.average unemployment rate will be approximately five percent in the fourth quarter of2026 and will remain near this level through the fourth quarter of 2027. It alsoassumes U.S. real gross domestic product will grow at 1.4 percent and 1.8 percentyear-over-year in the fourth quarters of 2026 and 2027.
The allowance for credit losses increased $44 million from December 31, 2024 to$14.4 billion at December 31, 2025. There were no significant changes to thequalitative reserves at December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024. Thechange in the allowance for credit losses was comprised of a net decrease of $37million in the allowance for loan and lease losses and an increase of $81 million in thereserve for unfunded lending commitments. The increase in the allowance for creditlosses was attributed to increases in the commercial portfolio of $229 million and theconsumer real estate portfolio of $128 million, partially offset by a decrease in thecredit card and other consumer portfolios of $313 million.The provision for credit losses decreased $146 million to $5.7 billion in 2025compared to $5.8 billion in 2024 and $4.4 billion in 2023. The decline in provision forcredit losses in 2025 was primarily driven by improved asset quality in credit card andcommercial real estate, partially offset by loan growth. The increase in provision forcredit losses in 2024 was primarily driven by credit card as well as small business loangrowth, and asset quality deterioration in the commercial real estate office and creditcard portfolios.Net charge-offs decreased $400 million to $5.6 billion in 2025 compared to $6.0billion in 2024. The decrease in net charge-offs in 2025 was driven by asset qualityimprovement in commercial real estate office.Outstanding loans and leases excluding loans accounted for under the fair valueoption increased $90.6 billion in 2025 primarily driven by commercial, which increased$72.0 billion due to broad-based growth.The changes in the allowance for credit losses, including net charge-offs andprovision for loan and lease losses, are detailed in the following table.
Bank of America 126
ConsumerReal Estate Credit Card and OtherConsumer Commercial Total
(Dollars in millions) 2025
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 $ 293 $ 8,277 $ 4,670 $ 13,240
Loans and leases charged off (40) (5,127) (1,684) (6,851)
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 82 937 201 1,220
Net charge-offs 42 (4,190) (1,483) (5,631)
Provision for loan and lease losses 77 3,879 1,639 5,595
Other 4 (2) (3) (1)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 416 7,964 4,823 13,203
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 57 — 1,039 1,096
Provision for unfunded lending commitments 5 — 75 80
Other — — 1 1
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 62 — 1,115 1,177
Allowance for credit losses, December 31 $ 478 $ 7,964 $ 5,938 $ 14,380
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 $ 386 $ 8,134 $ 4,822 $ 13,342
Loans and leases charged off (42) (5,077) (1,935) (7,054)
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 83 798 142 1,023
Net charge-offs 41 (4,279) (1,793) (6,031)
Provision for loan and lease losses (135) 4,421 1,649 5,935
Other 1 1 (8) (6)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 293 8,277 4,670 13,240
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 82 — 1,127 1,209
Provision for unfunded lending commitments (26) — (88) (114)
Other 1 — — 1
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 57 — 1,039 1,096
Allowance for credit losses, December 31 $ 350 $ 8,277 $ 5,709 $ 14,336
Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 $ 420 $ 6,817 $ 5,445 $ 12,682
January 1, 2023 adoption of credit loss standard (67) (109) (67) (243)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, January 1 353 6,708 5,378 12,439
Loans and leases charged off (103) (3,870) (844) (4,817)
Recoveries of loans and leases previously charged off 146 737 135 1,018
Net charge-offs 43 (3,133) (709) (3,799)
Provision for loan and lease losses (19) 4,558 186 4,725
Other 9 1 (33) (23)
Allowance for loan and lease losses, December 31 386 8,134 4,822 13,342
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, January 1 94 — 1,446 1,540
Provision for unfunded lending commitments (12) — (319) (331)
Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, December 31 82 — 1,127 1,209
Allowance for credit losses, December 31 $ 468 $ 8,134 $ 5,949 $ 14,551
NOTE 6 Securitizations and Other Variable Interest EntitiesThe Corporation utilizes VIEs in the ordinary course of business to support its ownand its customers’ financing and investing needs. The Corporation routinelysecuritizes loans and debt securities using VIEs as a source of funding for theCorporation and as a means of transferring the economic risk of the loans or debtsecurities to third parties. The assets are transferred into a trust or other securitizationvehicle such that the assets are legally isolated from the creditors of the Corporationand are not available to satisfy its obligations. These assets can only be used to settleobligations of the trust or other securitization vehicle. The Corporation alsoadministers, structures or invests in other VIEs including CDOs, investment vehiclesand other entities. For more information on the Corporation’s use of VIEs, see Note 1– Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.The tables in this Note present the assets and liabilities of consolidated andunconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2025 and 2024 in situations where theCorporation has a loan or security interest and involvement with transferred assets orif the Corporation otherwise has an additional interest in the VIE. The tables alsopresent the Corporation’s maximum loss
exposure at December 31, 2025 and 2024 resulting from its involvement withconsolidated VIEs and unconsolidated VIEs. The Corporation’s maximum lossexposure is based on the unlikely event that all of the assets in the VIEs becomeworthless and incorporates not only potential losses associated with assets recordedon the Consolidated Balance Sheet but also potential losses associated with off-balance sheet commitments, such as unfunded liquidity commitments and othercontractual arrangements. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure does notinclude losses previously recognized through write-downs of assets.The Corporation invests in ABS, CLOs and other similar investments issued bythird-party VIEs with which it has no other form of involvement other than a loan ordebt security issued by the VIE. In addition, the Corporation also enters into certaincommercial lending arrangements that may utilize VIEs for activities secondary to thelending arrangement, for example to hold collateral. The Corporation’s maximum lossexposure to these VIEs is the investment balances. These securities and loans areincluded in Note 4 – Securities or Note 5 – Outstanding Loans and Leases andAllowance for Credit Losses and are not included in the following tables.
127 Bank of America
The Corporation did not provide financial support to consolidated orunconsolidated VIEs during 2025, 2024 and 2023 that it was not previouslycontractually required to provide, nor does it intend to do so.The Corporation had liquidity commitments, including written put options andcollateral value guarantees, with certain unconsolidated VIEs of $1.1 billion and $1.0billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
First-lien Mortgage SecuritizationsAs part of its mortgage banking activities, the Corporation securitizes a portion of thefirst-lien residential mortgage loans it originates or purchases from third parties,generally in the form of residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) guaranteed bygovernment-sponsored enterprises, FNMA and FHLMC (collectively the GSEs), or theGovernment National Mortgage Association (GNMA) primarily in the case of FHA-
insured and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)-guaranteed mortgage loans.Securitization usually occurs in conjunction with or shortly after origination orpurchase, and the Corporation may also securitize loans held in its residentialmortgage portfolio. In addition, the Corporation may, from time to time, securitizecommercial mortgages it originates or purchases from other entities. The Corporationtypically services the loans it securitizes. Further, the Corporation may retainbeneficial interests in the securitization trusts including senior and subordinatesecurities and equity tranches issued by the trusts. Except as described in Note 12 –Commitments and Contingencies, the Corporation does not provide guarantees orrecourse to the securitization trusts other than standard representations andwarranties.The table below summarizes select information related to first-lien mortgagesecuritizations for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
First-lien Mortgage Securitizations
Residential Mortgage - Agency Commercial Mortgage
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Proceeds from loan sales $ 6,473 $ 4,459 $ 4,513 $ 11,838 $ 13,392 $ 2,132
Gains (losses) on securitizations (4) (6) (15) 110 164 44
Repurchases from securitization trusts 57 36 33 — — —
The Corporation transfers residential mortgage loans to securitizations sponsored primarily by the GSEs or GNMA in the normal course of business and primarily receives residential mortgage-backed securities in exchange. Substantially all of these securities areclassified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and are typically sold shortly after receipt.A majority of the first-lien residential mortgage loans securitized are initially classified as LHFS and accounted for under the fair value option. Gains recognized on these LHFS prior to securitization, which totaled $39 million, $33 million and $49 million, net ofhedges, during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, are not included in the table above.The Corporation may have the option to repurchase delinquent loans out of securitization trusts, which reduces the amount of servicing advances it is required to make. The Corporation may also repurchase loans from securitization trusts to perform modifications.Repurchased loans include FHA-insured mortgages collateralizing GNMA securities.
The Corporation recognizes consumer MSRs from the sale or securitization ofconsumer real estate loans. The unpaid principal balance of loans serviced forinvestors, including residential mortgage and home equity loans, totaled $78.7 billionand $84.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Servicing fee and ancillary feeincome on serviced loans was $215 million, $231 million and $248 million during2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Servicing advances on serviced loans, includingloans serviced for others and loans held for investment, were $894 million and $1.0billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. For more information on MSRs, see Note 20 –Fair Value Measurements.
Home Equity LoansThe Corporation retains interests, primarily senior securities, in home equitysecuritization trusts to which it transferred home
equity loans. In addition, the Corporation may be obligated to provide subordinatefunding to the trusts during a rapid amortization event. This obligation is included inthe maximum loss exposure in the preceding table. The charges that will ultimately berecorded as a result of the rapid amortization events depend on the undrawn portionof the home equity lines of credit, performance of the loans, the amount of subsequentdraws and the timing of related cash flows.
Mortgage and Home Equity SecuritizationsThe following table summarizes select information related to mortgage and homeequity securitization trusts in which the Corporation held a variable interest and hadcontinuing involvement at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Bank of America 128
Mortgage and Home Equity Securitizations
Residential Mortgage
Non-agency
Agency Prime and Alt-A Subprime Home Equity Commercial Mortgage
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Unconsolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure $ 6,869 $ 7,353 $ 11 $ 84 $ 495 $ 301 $ — $ — $ 1,770 $ 1,640
On-balance sheet assets
Senior securities:
Trading account assets $ 218 $ 126 $ 9 $ 10 $ 6 $ 12 $ — $ — $ 535 $ 328
Debt securities carried at fair value 2,050 2,222 — — 407 416 — — — —
Held-to-maturity securities 4,601 5,005 — — — — — — 1,075 1,172
All other assets — — 2 3 17 23 — — 24 41
Total retained positions $ 6,869 $ 7,353 $ 11 $ 13 $ 430 $ 451 $ — $ — $ 1,634 $ 1,541
Principal balance outstanding $ 65,290 $ 69,018 $ 11,242 $ 12,590 $ 3,775 $ 4,180 $ 154 $ 187 $ 91,802 $ 90,222
Consolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure $ 939 $ 1,132 $ — $ — $ 30 $ — $ 8 $ 10 $ — $ —
On-balance sheet assets
Trading account assets $ 939 $ 1,132 $ — $ — $ 245 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ —
Loans and leases — — — — — — 15 22 — —
Allowance for loan and lease losses — — — — — — 5 6 — —
All other assets — — — — — — 1 1 — —
Total assets $ 939 $ 1,132 $ — $ — $ 245 $ — $ 21 $ 29 $ — $ —
Total liabilities $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 215 $ — $ 13 $ 19 $ — $ —
For unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum loss exposure includes outstanding trust certificates issued by trusts in rapid amortization, net of recorded reserves. For both consolidated and unconsolidated home equity loan VIEs, the maximum lossexposure excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guarantees. For more information, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies.Maximum loss exposure includes obligations under loss-sharing reinsurance and other arrangements for non-agency residential mortgage and commercial mortgage securitizations, but excludes the reserve for representations and warranties obligations andcorporate guarantees and also excludes servicing advances and other servicing rights and obligations. For more information, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements.Principal balance outstanding includes loans where the Corporation was the transferor to securitization VIEs with which it has continuing involvement, which may include servicing the loans.
Other Asset-backed SecuritizationsThe following paragraphs summarize select information related to other asset-backedVIEs in which the Corporation had a variable interest at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Credit Card and Automobile Loan SecuritizationsThe Corporation securitizes originated and purchased credit card and automobileloans as a source of financing. The loans are sold on a non-recourse basis toconsolidated trusts. The securitizations are ongoing, whereas additional receivableswill be funded into the trusts by either loan repayments or proceeds from securitiesissued to third parties, depending on the securitization structure. The Corporation’scontinuing involvement with the securitization trusts includes servicing the receivablesand holding various subordinated interests, including an undivided seller’s interest inthe credit card receivables and owning certain retained interests.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying values of the receivables in thetrusts totaled $17.1 billion and $18.1 billion, which are included in loans and leases,and the carrying values of senior debt securities that were issued to third-partyinvestors from the trusts totaled $6.4 billion and $8.0 billion, which are included inlong-term debt.
Resecuritization TrustsThe Corporation transfers securities, typically MBS, into resecuritization VIEsgenerally at the request of customers seeking securities with specific characteristics.Generally, there are no significant ongoing activities performed in a resecuritizationtrust, and no single investor has the unilateral ability to liquidate the trust.The Corporation resecuritized $32.4 billion, $23.9 billion and $8.6 billion ofsecurities during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Securities transferred intoresecuritization VIEs were measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded
in market making and similar activities prior to the resecuritization and, accordingly, nogain or loss on sale was recorded. Securities received from the resecuritization VIEswere recognized at their fair value of $4.5 billion, $3.6 billion and $2.4 billion during2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, substantially all of thesecurities were classified as trading account assets. Substantially all of the tradingaccount securities carried at fair value were categorized as Level 2 within the fairvalue hierarchy.During 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Corporation deconsolidated resecuritizationtrusts with total assets of $580 million, $1.1 billion and $685 million.
Customer VIEsCustomer VIEs include credit-linked, equity-linked and commodity-linked note VIEs,repackaging VIEs and asset acquisition VIEs, which are typically created on behalf ofcustomers who wish to obtain market or credit exposure to a specific company, index,commodity or financial instrument.The Corporation’s involvement in the VIE is limited to its loss exposure. TheCorporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidated and unconsolidated customerVIEs totaled $1.7 billion and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024, includingthe notional amount of derivatives to which the Corporation is a counterparty, net oflosses previously recorded, and the Corporation’s investment, if any, in securitiesissued by the VIEs.
Municipal Bond TrustsThe Corporation administers municipal bond trusts that hold highly-rated, long-term,fixed-rate municipal bonds. The trusts obtain financing by issuing floating-rate trustcertificates that reprice on a weekly or other short-term basis to third-party investors.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
129 Bank of America
The Corporation’s liquidity commitments to unconsolidated municipal bond trusts,including those for which the Corporation was transferor, totaled $3.0 billion and $1.8billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The weighted-average remaining life of bondsheld in the trusts at December 31, 2025 was 9.7 years. There were no significantwrite-downs or downgrades of assets or issuers during 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Collateralized Debt Obligation VIEsThe Corporation receives fees for structuring CDO VIEs, which hold diversified poolsof fixed-income securities, typically corporate debt or ABS, which the CDO VIEs fundby issuing multiple tranches of debt and equity securities. CDOs are generallymanaged by third-party portfolio managers. The Corporation typically transfers assetsto these CDOs, holds securities issued by the CDOs and may be a derivativecounterparty to the CDOs. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure to consolidatedand unconsolidated CDOs totaled $60 million and $65 million at December 31, 2025and 2024.
Investment VIEsThe Corporation sponsors, invests in or provides financing, which may be inconnection with the sale of assets, to a variety of investment VIEs that hold loans, realestate, debt securities or other financial instruments and are designed to provide thedesired investment profile to investors or the Corporation. At
December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s consolidated investment VIEs hadtotal assets of $58 million and $6 million. The Corporation also held investments inunconsolidated VIEs with total assets of $30.0 billion and $23.0 billion atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024. The Corporation’s maximum loss exposure associatedwith both consolidated and unconsolidated investment VIEs totaled $2.8 billion and$2.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 comprised primarily of on-balance sheetassets less non-recourse liabilities.
Leveraged Lease TrustsThe Corporation’s net investment in consolidated leveraged lease trusts totaled $850million and $1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The trusts hold long-livedequipment such as rail cars, power generation and distribution equipment, andcommercial aircraft. The Corporation structures the trusts and holds a significantresidual interest. The net investment represents the Corporation’s maximum lossexposure to the trusts in the unlikely event that the leveraged lease investmentsbecome worthless. Debt issued by the leveraged lease trusts is non-recourse to theCorporation.The table below summarizes the maximum loss exposure and assets held by theCorporation that related to other asset-backed VIEs at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Other Asset-backed VIEs

Credit Card and Automobile Resecuritization Trusts andCustomer VIEs Municipal Bond Trustsand CDOs Investment VIEs and LeveragedLease Trusts
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Unconsolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure $ — $ — $ 5,183 $ 5,300 $ 3,107 $ 1,839 $ 3,955 $ 2,454
On-balance sheet assets
Securities :
Trading account assets $ — $ — $ 1,223 $ 1,641 $ 12 $ 16 $ 152 $ 354
Debt securities carried at fair value — — 745 809 — — — —
Held-to-maturity securities — — 1,747 1,983 — — — —
Loans and leases — — — — — — 1,257 70
Allowance for loan and lease losses — — — — — — (2) (2)
All other assets — — 1,468 868 5 6 2,022 1,522
Total retained positions $ — $ — $ 5,183 $ 5,301 $ 17 $ 22 $ 3,429 $ 1,944
Total assets of VIEs $ — $ — $ 31,798 $ 24,216 $ 8,065 $ 6,474 $ 30,016 $ 22,965
Consolidated VIEs
Maximum loss exposure $ 9,995 $ 9,385 $ 196 $ 583 $ 5,975 $ 3,519 $ 844 $ 1,012
On-balance sheet assets
Trading account assets $ — $ — $ 394 $ 1,002 $ 5,506 $ 3,436 $ 55 $ 5
Debt securities carried at fair value — — — — 469 83 — —
Loans and leases 17,066 18,110 — — — — 794 1,012
Allowance for loan and lease losses (875) (924) — — — — (1) (1)
All other assets 197 195 40 39 — — 2 1
Total assets $ 16,388 $ 17,381 $ 434 $ 1,041 $ 5,975 $ 3,519 $ 850 $ 1,017
On-balance sheet liabilities
Short-term borrowings $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 5,779 $ 3,329 $ — $ —
Long-term debt 6,375 7,975 238 458 — — 6 5
All other liabilities 18 21 — — — — — —
Total liabilities $ 6,393 $ 7,996 $ 238 $ 458 $ 5,779 $ 3,329 $ 6 $ 5
At December 31, 2025 and 2024 loans and leases in the consolidated credit card trust included $5.4 billion and $4.5 billion of seller’s interest.The retained senior securities were valued using quoted market prices or observable market inputs (Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy).
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 130
Tax Credit VIEsThe Corporation holds equity investments in unconsolidated limited partnerships andsimilar entities that construct, own and operate affordable housing, renewable energyand certain other projects. The total assets of these unconsolidated tax credit VIEswere $86.5 billion and $85.7 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. An unrelatedthird party is typically the general partner or managing member and has control overthe significant activities of the VIE. As an investor, tax credits associated with theinvestments in these entities are allocated to the Corporation, as provided by the U.S.Internal Revenue Code and related regulations, and are recognized as income taxbenefits in the Corporation’s Consolidated Statement of Income in the year they areearned, which varies based on the type of investments.The Corporation has investments in affordable housing, renewable energy andcertain other projects that have a carrying value of $24.4 billion and $26.0 billion atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024, which includes unfunded capital contributions of $8.1billion and $8.9 billion that are probable to be paid.For the investments that qualify, the Corporation has elected to account for itsequity investments in affordable housing, renewable wind energy and certain otherprojects under the proportional amortization method. The investments that do notqualify are accounted for under the equity method. During 2025, 2024 and 2023, theCorporation recognized income tax credits and other tax benefits related to theseinvestments of $4.6 billion, $4.7 billion and $4.6 billion. For investments accounted forunder the proportional amortization method, the Corporation recognized investmentamortization of $3.3 billion, $3.5 billion and $3.4 billion in income tax expense during2025, 2024 and 2023, and additional gains, losses and other returns totaling $133million, $171 million and $171 million in other income for the same periods. TheCorporation also has equity investments in solar renewable energy projects that areaccounted for under either the equity method or at fair value when the Corporationhas elected to account for the investment at fair value. These investments totaled $1.0billion and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Corporation’s unfundedcommitments that are not included in the carrying value of its tax-related equityinvestment VIEs totaled $2.6 billion and $2.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024,which are contingent on various conditions precedent to funding over the next 10years. The Corporation’s risk of loss is generally mitigated by
policies requiring the project to qualify for the expected tax credits prior to making itsinvestment. For investments accounted for under the proportional amortizationmethod, there were no significant modifications or events that resulted in a change inthe nature of those investments or in the relationship with the underlying project. TheCorporation may also enter into power purchase agreements with renewable energytax credit entities.The table below summarizes select information related to unconsolidated tax creditVIEs in which the Corporation held a variable interest at December 31, 2025 and2024.
Unconsolidated Tax Credit VIEs
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Maximum loss exposure $ 25,435 $ 27,252
On-balance sheet assets
All other assets 25,435 27,252
Total $ 25,435 $ 27,252
On-balance sheet liabilities
All other liabilities 7,008 7,510
Total $ 7,008 $ 7,510
Total assets of VIEs $ 86,476 $ 85,654
NOTE 7 Goodwill and Intangible Assets
GoodwillThe table below presents goodwill balances by business segment at December 31,2025 and 2024. The reporting units utilized for goodwill impairment testing are theoperating segments or one level below.
Goodwill
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Consumer Banking $ 30,137 $ 30,137
Global Wealth & Investment Management 9,677 9,677
Global Banking 24,026 24,026
Global Markets 5,181 5,181
Total goodwill $ 69,021 $ 69,021
131 Bank of America
During 2025, the Corporation completed its annual goodwill impairment test as ofJune 30, 2025 by using a quantitative assessment for the Consumer Bankingreporting unit and a qualitative assessment for the remaining six reporting units.Based on the assessments, the Corporation concluded that none of its reporting unitsare at risk of impairment, as each of the reporting units’ fair values are substantially inexcess of their carrying values. For more information regarding the nature of andaccounting for the Corporation’s annual goodwill impairment testing, see Note 1 –Summary of Significant Accounting Principles.
Intangible AssetsAt December 31, 2025 and 2024, the net carrying value of intangible assets was $1.8billion and $2.0 billion. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, intangible assets included$1.5 billion and $1.6 billion of intangible assets associated with trade names,substantially all of which had an indefinite life and, accordingly, are not beingamortized. Amortization of intangibles expense was $78 million for 2025, 2024 and2023.
NOTE 8 LeasesThe Corporation enters into both lessor and lessee arrangements. For moreinformation on lease accounting, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant AccountingPrinciples and on lease financing receivables, see Note 5 – Outstanding Loans andLeases and Allowance for Credit Losses.
Lessor ArrangementsThe Corporation’s lessor arrangements primarily consist of operating, sales-type anddirect financing leases for equipment. Lease agreements may include options torenew and for the lessee to purchase the leased equipment at the end of the leaseterm.
The table below presents the net investment in sales-type and direct financingleases at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Net Investment
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Lease receivables $ 19,198 $ 18,559
Unguaranteed residuals 3,520 2,543
Total net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases $ 22,718 $ 21,102
In certain cases, the Corporation obtains third-party residual value insurance to reduce its residual asset risk. The carryingvalue of residual assets with third-party residual value insurance for at least a portion of the asset value was $9.4 billion and$8.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
The table below presents lease income for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Lease Income
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Sales-type and direct financing leases $ 1,245 $ 1,082 $ 788
Operating leases 942 931 945
Total lease income $ 2,187 $ 2,013 $ 1,733
Lessee ArrangementsThe Corporation's lessee arrangements predominantly consist of operating leases forpremises and equipment; the Corporation's financing leases are not significant.Lease terms may contain renewal and extension options and early terminationfeatures. Generally, these options do not impact the lease term because theCorporation is not reasonably certain that it will exercise the options.
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 132
The table below provides information on the right-of-use assets, lease liabilitiesand weighted-average discount rates and lease terms December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Supplemental Information for Lessee Arrangements
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Right-of-use assets $ 8,395 $ 8,527
Lease liabilities 9,086 9,135
Weighted-average discount rate used to calculate present value of future minimum lease payments 4.29 % 3.93 %
Weighted-average lease term (in years) 8.1 8.0
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities $ 222 $ 603
2025 2024 2023
Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 1,896 $ 1,972 $ 1,975
Lease Cost and Supplemental Information:
Operating lease cost $ 1,945 $ 1,971 $ 1,981
Variable lease cost 561 471 460
Total lease cost $ 2,506 $ 2,442 $ 2,441
Represents non-cash activity and, accordingly, is not reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.Represents cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities.Primarily consists of payments for common area maintenance and property taxes.Amounts are recorded in occupancy and equipment expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
Maturity AnalysisThe maturities of lessor and lessee arrangements outstanding at December 31, 2025are presented in the table below based on undiscounted cash flows.
Maturities of Lessor and Lessee Arrangements
Lessor Lessee
OperatingLeases
Sales-type andDirect FinancingLeases OperatingLeases
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
2026 $ 593 $ 7,083 $ 1,739
2027 512 5,805 1,611
2028 425 5,015 1,371
2029 303 2,024 1,073
2030 203 2,167 891
Thereafter 216 2,423 3,709
Total undiscountedcash flows $ 2,252 24,517 10,394
Less: Net presentvalue adjustment 5,319 1,308
Total $ 19,198 $ 9,086
Excludes $594 million in commitments under lessee arrangements that have not yet commenced with lease terms that willbegin in 2026.Includes $11.9 billion in commercial lease financing receivables and $7.3 billion in direct/indirect consumer lease financingreceivables.Represents lease receivables for lessor arrangements and lease liabilities for lessee arrangements.
NOTE 9 Deposits
The table below presents total deposits at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
Noninterest-bearing and Interest-bearing Deposits
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Noninterest-bearing deposits $ 532,050 $ 523,858
Interest-bearing deposits 1,486,679 1,441,609
Total deposits $ 2,018,729 $ 1,965,467
The scheduled contractual maturities for total time deposits at December 31, 2025 are presented in the table below.
Contractual Maturities of Total Time Deposits
(Dollars in millions) U.S. Non-U.S. Total
Due in 2026 $ 191,872 $ 12,508 $ 204,380
Due in 2027 3,942 73 4,015
Due in 2028 173 25 198
Due in 2029 90 10 100
Due in 2030 96 3,666 3,762
Thereafter 76 9 85
Total time deposits $ 196,249 $ 16,291 $ 212,540
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had aggregate U.S. time deposits of $129.3 billion and $138.1 billion and non-U.S. time deposits of $16.2 billion and$13.0 billion, respectively, in denominations that met or exceeded insurance limits.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
133 Bank of America
NOTE 10 Securities Financing Agreements, Short-termBorrowings, Collateral and Restricted CashThe Corporation enters into securities financing agreements which include securitiesborrowed or purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or soldunder agreements to repurchase. These financing agreements (also referred to as“matched-book transactions”) are to accommodate customers, obtain securities tocover short positions and finance inventory positions. The Corporation elects toaccount for certain securities financing agreements under the fair value option. Formore information on the fair value option, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.
Offsetting of Securities Financing AgreementsSubstantially all of the Corporation’s securities financing activities are transactedunder legally enforceable master repurchase agreements or legally enforceablemaster securities lending agreements that give the Corporation, in the event of
default by the counterparty, the right to liquidate securities held and to offsetreceivables and payables with the same counterparty. The Corporation offsetssecurities financing transactions with the same counterparty on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheet where it has such a legally enforceable master netting agreement andthe transactions have the same maturity date.The Securities Financing Agreements table presents securities financingagreements included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in federal funds sold andsecurities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell, and in federal fundspurchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to theapplication of counterparty netting. Gross assets and liabilities are adjusted on anaggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable masternetting agreements. For more information on the offsetting of derivatives, see Note 3 –Derivatives.
Securities Financing Agreements
GrossAssets/Liabilities Amounts Offset Net Balance SheetAmount FinancialInstruments Net Assets/Liabilities
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell $ 935,784 $ (619,206) $ 316,578 $ (285,569) $ 31,009
Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase $ 963,924 $ (619,208) $ 344,716 $ (332,592) $ 12,124
Other 5,290 — 5,290 (5,290) —
Total $ 969,214 $ (619,208) $ 350,006 $ (337,882) $ 12,124
December 31, 2024
Securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell $ 758,071 $ (483,362) $ 274,709 $ (250,040) $ 24,669
Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase $ 815,120 $ (483,362) $ 331,758 $ (317,974) $ 13,784
Other 10,531 — 10,531 (10,531) —
Total $ 825,651 $ (483,362) $ 342,289 $ (328,505) $ 13,784
Includes activity where uncertainty exists as to the enforceability of certain master netting agreements under bankruptcy laws in some countries or industries.Includes securities collateral received or pledged under repurchase or securities lending agreements where there is a legally enforceable master netting agreement. These amounts are not offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, but are shown as a reduction toderive a net asset or liability. Securities collateral received or pledged where the legal enforceability of the master netting agreements is uncertain is excluded from the table.Excludes repurchase activity of $19.6 billion and $12.3 billion reported in loans and leases on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for December 31, 2025 and 2024.Balance is reported in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and relates to transactions where the Corporation acts as the lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledged as collateral orsold. In these transactions, the Corporation recognizes an asset at fair value, representing the securities received, and a liability, representing the obligation to return those securities.
Repurchase Agreements and Securities Loaned TransactionsAccounted for as Secured BorrowingsThe following tables present securities sold under agreements to repurchase andsecurities loaned by remaining contractual term to maturity and class of collateralpledged. Included in “Other” are transactions where the Corporation acts as the
lender in a securities lending agreement and receives securities that can be pledgedas collateral or sold. Certain agreements contain a right to substitute collateral and/orterminate the agreement prior to maturity at the option of the Corporation or thecounterparty. Such agreements are included in the table below based on theremaining contractual term to maturity.
Remaining Contractual Maturity
Overnight andContinuous 30 Days or Less After 30 Days Through 90Days Greater than90 Days Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 349,168 $ 314,290 $ 96,642 $ 74,081 $ 834,181
Securities loaned 118,550 5 1,019 10,169 129,743
Other 5,290 — — — 5,290
Total $ 473,008 $ 314,295 $ 97,661 $ 84,250 $ 969,214
December 31, 2024
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase $ 305,577 $ 252,526 $ 87,978 $ 70,148 $ 716,229
Securities loaned 88,256 364 842 9,429 98,891
Other 10,531 — — — 10,531
Total $ 404,364 $ 252,890 $ 88,820 $ 79,577 $ 825,651
No agreements have maturities greater than four years.
(1) (2)
(3)
(4)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 134
Class of Collateral Pledged
Securities Sold UnderAgreements toRepurchase SecuritiesLoaned Other Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
U.S. government and agency securities $ 453,619 $ 778 $ 188 $ 454,585
Corporate securities, trading loans and other 28,321 764 1 29,086
Equity securities 25,503 128,190 5,101 158,794
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 318,194 11 — 318,205
Mortgage trading loans and ABS 8,544 — — 8,544
Total $ 834,181 $ 129,743 $ 5,290 $ 969,214
December 31, 2024
U.S. government and agency securities $ 416,241 $ 130 $ 10 $ 416,381
Corporate securities, trading loans and other 29,483 1,517 3 31,003
Equity securities 30,106 97,240 10,518 137,864
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 232,521 4 — 232,525
Mortgage trading loans and ABS 7,878 — — 7,878
Total $ 716,229 $ 98,891 $ 10,531 $ 825,651
Under repurchase agreements, the Corporation is required to post collateral with amarket value equal to or in excess of the principal amount borrowed. For securitiesloaned transactions, the Corporation receives collateral in the form of cash, letters ofcredit or other securities. To determine whether the market value of the underlyingcollateral remains sufficient, collateral is generally valued daily, and the Corporationmay be required to deposit additional collateral or may receive or return collateralpledged when appropriate. Repurchase agreements and securities loanedtransactions are generally either overnight, continuous (i.e., no stated term) or short-term. The Corporation manages liquidity risks related to these agreements bysourcing funding from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a range ofsecurities collateral and pursuing longer durations, when appropriate. Securitiesfinancing agreements do not create material credit risk due to these collateralprovisions; therefore, any allowance for loan losses is insignificant.
Short-term BorrowingsThe Corporation classifies borrowings with an original maturity of less than one yearas short-term borrowings on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. At December 31, 2025and 2024, the majority of short-term borrowings consisted of Federal Home LoanBank advances, which totaled $7.9 billion and $12.7 billion, and commercial paper,which totaled $20.4 billion and $24.2 billion.
CollateralThe Corporation accepts securities and loans as collateral that it is permitted bycontract or practice to sell or repledge. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair valueof this collateral was $1.1 trillion and $925.7 billion, of which $1.0 trillion and $882.2billion were sold or repledged. The primary source of this collateral is securitiesborrowed or purchased under agreements to resell.
The Corporation also pledges company-owned securities and loans as collateral intransactions that include repurchase agreements, securities loaned, public and trustdeposits, U.S. Treasury tax and loan notes, and short-term borrowings. This collateral,which in some cases can be sold or repledged by the counterparties to thetransactions, is parenthetically disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.In certain cases, the Corporation has transferred assets to consolidated VIEswhere those restricted assets serve as collateral for the interests issued by the VIEs.These assets are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in Assets ofConsolidated VIEs.In addition, the Corporation obtains collateral in connection with its derivativecontracts. Required collateral levels vary depending on the credit risk rating and thetype of counterparty. Generally, the Corporation accepts collateral in the form of cash,U.S. Treasury securities and other marketable securities. Based on provisionscontained in master netting agreements, the Corporation nets cash collateral receivedagainst derivative assets. The Corporation also pledges collateral on its ownderivative positions which can be applied against derivative liabilities. For moreinformation on the collateral of derivatives, see Note 3 – Derivatives.
Restricted CashAt December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation held restricted cash included withincash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet of $6.5 billion and $6.1billion, predominantly related to cash segregated in compliance with securitiesregulations and cash held on deposit with central banks to meet reserve requirements.
135 Bank of America
NOTE 11 Long-term DebtLong-term debt consists of borrowings having an original maturity of one year or more. The table below presents the balance of long-term debt at December 31, 2025 and 2024,and the related contractual rates and maturity dates as of December 31, 2025.
Weighted-averageRate
December 31
(Dollars in millions) Interest Rates Maturity Dates 2025 2024
Notes issued by Bank of America Corporation
Senior notes:
Fixed 3.65% 0.42 - 8.05% 2026 - 2052 $ 176,097 $ 171,603
Floating 3.47 0.10 - 8.85 2027 - 2075 11,471 8,736
Senior structured notes 20,369 17,498
Subordinated notes:
Fixed 5.46 2.94 - 8.13 2026 - 2045 20,802 23,539
Floating 3.38 2.48 - 4.74 2026 - 2037 4,626 4,549
Junior subordinated notes:
Fixed 6.71 6.45 - 8.05 2027 - 2066 750 749
Floating 5.65 5.65 2056 1 1
Total notes issued by Bank of America Corporation 234,116 226,675
Notes issued by Bank of America, N.A.
Senior notes:
Fixed 4.79 3.82 - 5.82 2026 - 2028 5,695 5,611
Floating 4.25 4.07 - 5.59 2026 - 2028 11,177 5,851
Subordinated notes 6.00 6.00 2036 1,403 1,401
Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks:
Fixed 4.79 0.01 - 7.42 2026 - 2034 54 1,015
Floating 3.92 3.83 - 3.98 2026 4,121 400
Securitizations and other BANA VIEs 6,442 8,048
Other 600 495
Total notes issued by Bank of America, N.A. 29,492 22,821
Other debt
Structured liabilities 53,803 33,374
Nonbank VIEs 405 409
Total notes issued by nonbank and other entities 54,208 33,783
Total long-term debt $ 317,816 $ 283,279
Includes total loss-absorbing capacity compliant debt.Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Long-term debt of VIEs is collateralized by the assets of the VIEs. At December 31, 2025, amount includes debt from credit card and automobilesecuritizations of $6.4 billion and other VIEs of $472 million. For more information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities.Includes debt outstanding of $19.2 billion and $11.7 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 that was issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation, the parent company, and is fully and unconditionally guaranteedby the parent company.
During 2025, the Corporation issued $98.1 billion of long-term debt consisting of$36.5 billion of notes issued by Bank of America Corporation, $26.3 billion of notesissued by Bank of America, N.A. and $35.3 billion of other debt. During 2024, theCorporation issued $54.8 billion of long-term debt consisting of $17.8 billion of notesissued by Bank of America Corporation, $15.6 billion of notes issued by Bank ofAmerica, N.A. and $21.4 billion of other debt.During 2025, the Corporation had total long-term debt maturities and redemptionsin the aggregate of $74.6 billion consisting of $38.8 billion for Bank of AmericaCorporation, $18.6 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $17.2 billion of other debt.During 2024, the Corporation had total long-term debt maturities and redemptions inthe aggregate of $66.6 billion consisting of $36.4 billion for Bank of AmericaCorporation, $16.8 billion for Bank of America, N.A. and $13.4 billion of other debt.Bank of America Corporation and Bank of America, N.A. maintain various U.S. andnon-U.S. debt programs to offer both senior and subordinated notes. The notes maybe denominated in U.S. dollars or foreign currencies. At December 31, 2025 and2024, the amount of foreign currency-denominated debt translated into U.S. dollarsincluded in total long-term debt was $57.5 billion and $43.8 billion. Foreign currencycontracts may
be used to convert certain foreign currency-denominated debt into U.S. dollars.The weighted-average effective interest rates for total long-term debt (excludingsenior structured notes), total fixed-rate debt and total floating-rate debt were 3.90percent, 3.91 percent and 3.81 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2025, and 3.80percent, 3.71 percent and 4.45 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2024. TheCorporation’s ALM activities maintain an overall interest rate risk managementstrategy that incorporates the use of interest rate contracts to manage fluctuations inearnings caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manage interestrate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not have a significantly adverseeffect on earnings and capital. The weighted-average rates are the contractual interestrates on the debt and do not reflect the impacts of derivative transactions.The following table shows the carrying value for aggregate annual contractualmaturities of long-term debt as of December 31, 2025. Included in the table are certainstructured notes issued by the Corporation that contain provisions whereby theborrowings are redeemable at the option of the holder (put options) at specified datesprior to maturity. Other structured notes have coupon or repayment terms linked to theperformance of debt or equity securities, indices, currencies or
(1)
(2)
(3)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Bank of America 136
commodities, and the maturity may be accelerated based on the value of a referencedindex or security. In both cases, the Corporation or a subsidiary may be required tosettle the
obligation for cash or other securities prior to the contractual maturity date. Theseborrowings are reflected in the table as maturing at their contractual maturity date.
Long-term Debt by Maturity
(Dollars in millions) 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter Total
Bank of America Corporation
Senior notes $ 2,907 $ 24,335 $ 30,504 $ 26,971 $ 8,469 $ 94,383 $ 187,569
Senior structured notes 2,372 1,119 455 723 1,389 14,311 20,369
Subordinated notes 4,893 2,036 893 — — 17,606 25,428
Junior subordinated notes — 193 — — — 557 750
Total Bank of America Corporation 10,172 27,683 31,852 27,694 9,858 126,857 234,116
Bank of America, N.A.
Senior notes 12,955 3,250 667 — — — 16,872
Subordinated notes — — — — — 1,403 1,403
Advances from Federal Home Loan Banks 4,128 3 7 2 5 30 4,175
Securitizations and other Bank VIEs 2,499 1,480 1,794 481 88 100 6,442
Other 80 113 52 268 79 8 600
Total Bank of America, N.A. 19,662 4,846 2,520 751 172 1,541 29,492
Other debt
Structured Liabilities 11,879 8,696 6,153 2,999 5,647 18,429 53,803
Nonbank VIEs — — — — 3 402 405
Total other debt 11,879 8,696 6,153 2,999 5,650 18,831 54,208
Total long-term debt $ 41,713 $ 41,225 $ 40,525 $ 31,444 $ 15,680 $ 147,229 $ 317,816
Represents liabilities of consolidated VIEs included in total long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
NOTE 12 Commitments and ContingenciesIn the normal course of business, the Corporation enters into a number of off-balancesheet commitments. These commitments expose the Corporation to varying degreesof credit and market risk and are subject to the same credit and market risk limitationreviews as those instruments recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Credit Extension CommitmentsThe Corporation enters into commitments to extend credit such as loan commitments,SBLCs and commercial letters of credit to meet the financing needs of its customers.The following table includes the notional amount of unfunded legally binding lendingcommitments net of amounts distributed (i.e., syndicated or participated) to otherfinancial institutions. The distributed amounts were $10.6 billion and $10.4 billion atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024. The carrying value of the Corporation’s creditextension commitments at December 31, 2025 and 2024, excluding commitmentsaccounted for under
the fair value option, was $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, which predominantly related tothe reserve for unfunded lending commitments. The carrying value of thesecommitments is classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities on theConsolidated Balance Sheet.Legally binding commitments to extend credit generally have specified rates andmaturities. Certain of these commitments have adverse change clauses that help toprotect the Corporation against deterioration in the borrower’s ability to pay.The following table includes the notional amount of commitments of $2.4 billionand $2.2 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024 that are accounted for under the fairvalue option. However, the table excludes the cumulative net fair value for thesecommitments of $67 million and $144 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, whichis classified in accrued expenses and other liabilities. For more information regardingthe Corporation’s loan commitments accounted for under the fair value option, seeNote 21 – Fair Value Option.
(1)
(1)
(1)
137 Bank of America
Credit Extension Commitments
Expire in OneYear or Less
Expire After OneYear ThroughThree Years
Expire After Three YearsThroughFive Years Expire AfterFive Years Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Notional amount of credit extension commitments
Loan commitments $ 139,725 $ 224,524 $ 244,340 $ 24,587 $ 633,176
Home equity lines of credit 4,247 9,808 7,240 21,787 43,082
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees 24,086 9,626 4,018 386 38,116
Letters of credit 639 46 19 44 748
Other commitments 15 57 54 1,002 1,128
Legally binding commitments 168,712 244,061 255,671 47,806 716,250
Credit card lines 476,926 — — — 476,926
Total credit extension commitments $ 645,638 $ 244,061 $ 255,671 $ 47,806 $ 1,193,176
December 31, 2024
Notional amount of credit extension commitments
Loan commitments $ 123,520 $ 227,539 $ 191,469 $ 19,011 $ 561,539
Home equity lines of credit 3,518 10,570 8,920 21,272 44,280
Standby letters of credit and financial guarantees 25,080 8,006 2,589 370 36,045
Letters of credit 781 142 8 19 950
Other commitments 5 52 88 1,028 1,173
Legally binding commitments 152,904 246,309 203,074 41,700 643,987
Credit card lines 456,185 — — — 456,185
Total credit extension commitments $ 609,089 $ 246,309 $ 203,074 $ 41,700 $ 1,100,172
At December 31, 2025 and 2024, $3.4 billion and $4.4 billion of these loan commitments were held in the form of a security.The notional amounts of SBLCs and financial guarantees classified as investment grade and non-investment grade based on the credit quality of the underlying reference name within the instrument were $26.8 billion and $10.4 billion at December 31, 2025, and$25.0 billion and $10.1 billion at December 31, 2024. Amounts in the table include consumer SBLCs of $987 million and $1.0 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Primarily includes second-loss positions on lease-end residual value guarantees.Includes business card unused lines of credit.
Other CommitmentsAt December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to purchaseloans (e.g., residential mortgage and commercial real estate) of $700 million and $242million, which upon settlement will be included in trading account assets, loans orLHFS, and commitments to purchase commercial loans, net of amounts sold, of $558million and $768 million, which upon settlement will be included in trading accountassets.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had commitments to enter intoresale and forward-dated resale and securities borrowing agreements of $149.0 billionand $109.8 billion, and commitments to enter into forward-dated repurchase andsecurities lending agreements of $108.9 billion and $87.1 billion. A significant portionof these commitments will expire within the next 12 months.At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had a commitment tooriginate or purchase up to $4.0 billion, on a rolling 12-month basis, of auto loans andleases from a strategic partner. This commitment extends through November 2030and can be terminated with 12 months prior notice.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had debt and equity securitycommitments totaling $884 million and $787 million.As a Federal Reserve member bank, the Corporation is required to subscribe to acertain amount of shares issued by its Federal Reserve district bank, which payscumulative dividends at a prescribed rate. At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, theCorporation had paid $5.4 billion for half of its subscribed shares, with the remaininghalf subject to call by the Federal Reserve district bank board, which the Corporationbelieves is remote.
Other Guarantees
Bank-owned Life Insurance Book Value ProtectionThe Corporation sells products that offer book value protection to insurance carrierswho offer group life insurance policies to corporations, primarily banks. At December31, 2025 and 2024, these guarantees, which are accounted for as derivatives, had anotional amount of $2.4 billion and $3.3 billion and an insignificant fair value. AtDecember 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s maximum exposure related to theseguarantees totaled $377 million and $506 million, with an estimated maturity in 2034.
IndemnificationsIn the ordinary course of business, the Corporation enters into various agreementsthat contain indemnifications, such as tax indemnifications, whereupon payment maybecome due if certain external events occur, such as a change in tax law. Theindemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and were entered into inthe normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss would beremote. These agreements typically contain an early termination clause that permitsthe Corporation to exit the agreement upon these events. The maximum potentialfuture payment under indemnification agreements is difficult to assess for severalreasons, including the occurrence of an external event, the inability to predict futurechanges in tax and other laws, the difficulty in determining how such laws would applyto parties in contracts, the absence of exposure limits contained in standard contractlanguage and the timing of any early termination clauses. Historically, any paymentsmade under these guarantees have been de minimis. The Corporation has assessedthe probability of making such payments in the future as remote.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 138
Merchant ServicesThe Corporation in its role as merchant acquirer or as a sponsor of other merchantacquirers may be held liable for any reversed charges that cannot be collected fromthe merchants due to, among other things, merchant fraud or insolvency. If chargesare properly reversed after a purchase and cannot be collected from either themerchants or merchant acquirers, the Corporation may be held liable for thesereversed charges. The ability to reverse a charge is primarily governed by theapplicable payment network rules and regulations, which include, but are not limitedto, the type of charge, type of payment used and time limits. The total amount oftransactions subject to reversal under payment network rules and regulationsprocessed for the preceding six-month period, which was approximately $194 billion,is an estimate of the Corporation’s maximum potential exposure as of December 31,2025. The Corporation’s risk in this area primarily relates to circumstances where acardholder has purchased goods or services for future delivery. The Corporationmitigates this risk by requiring cash deposits, guarantees, letters of credit or othertypes of collateral from certain merchants. The Corporation’s reserves for contingentlosses, and the losses incurred related to the merchant processing activity were notsignificant.
Exchange and Clearing House Member GuaranteesThe Corporation is a member of various securities and derivative exchanges andclearinghouses, both in the U.S. and other countries. As a member, the Corporationmay be required to pay a pro-rata share of the losses incurred by some of theseorganizations as a result of another member default and under other loss scenarios.The Corporation’s potential obligations may be limited to its membership interests insuch exchanges and clearinghouses, to the amount (or multiple) of the Corporation’scontribution to the guarantee fund or, in limited instances, to the full pro-rata share ofthe residual losses after applying the guarantee fund. The Corporation’s maximumpotential exposure under these membership agreements is difficult to estimate;however, the Corporation has assessed the probability of making any such paymentsas remote.
Prime Brokerage and Securities Clearing ServicesIn connection with its prime brokerage and clearing businesses, the Corporationperforms securities clearance and settlement services with other brokerage firms andclearinghouses on behalf of its clients. Under these arrangements, the Corporationstands ready to meet the obligations of its clients with respect to securitiestransactions. The Corporation’s obligations in this respect are secured by the assets inthe clients’ accounts and the accounts of their customers as well as by any proceedsreceived from the transactions cleared and settled by the Corporation on behalf ofclients or their customers. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure underthese arrangements is difficult to estimate; however, the potential for the Corporationto incur material losses pursuant to these arrangements is remote.
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation Sponsored Member Repo ProgramThe Corporation acts as a sponsoring member in a repo program whereby theCorporation clears certain eligible resale and repurchase agreements through theGovernment Securities Division of the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation on behalf ofclients that are sponsored members in accordance with the Fixed Income ClearingCorporation’s rules. As part of this program, the Corporation guarantees the paymentand
performance of its sponsored members to the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation.The Corporation’s guarantee obligation is secured by a security interest in cash orhigh-quality securities collateral placed by clients with the clearinghouse andtherefore, the potential for the Corporation to incur significant losses under thisarrangement is remote. The Corporation’s maximum potential exposure, withouttaking into consideration the related collateral, was $339.1 billion and $191.9 billion atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024.
Other GuaranteesIn the normal course of business, the Corporation periodically guarantees theobligations of its affiliates in a variety of transactions including ISDA-relatedtransactions and non-ISDA related transactions such as commodities trading,repurchase agreements, prime brokerage agreements and other transactions.
Guarantees of Certain Long-term DebtThe Corporation, as the parent company, fully and unconditionally guarantees thesecurities issued by BofA Finance LLC, a consolidated finance subsidiary of theCorporation, and effectively provides for the full and unconditional guarantee of trustsecurities and capital securities issued by certain statutory trust companies that are100 percent owned finance subsidiaries of the Corporation.
Representations and Warranties Obligations and Corporate GuaranteesThe Corporation securitizes first-lien residential mortgage loans generally in the formof RMBS guaranteed by the GSEs or by GNMA in the case of FHA-insured, VA-guaranteed and Rural Housing Service-guaranteed mortgage loans, and sells pools offirst-lien residential mortgage loans in the form of whole loans. In addition, in prioryears, legacy companies and certain subsidiaries sold pools of first-lien residentialmortgage loans and home equity loans as private-label securitizations or in the form ofwhole loans. In connection with these transactions, the Corporation or certain of itssubsidiaries or legacy companies make and have made various representations andwarranties. Breaches of these representations and warranties have resulted in andmay continue to result in the requirement to repurchase mortgage loans or tootherwise make whole or provide indemnification or other remedies to sponsors,investors, securitization trusts, guarantors, insurers or other parties (collectively,repurchases).
Unresolved Repurchase ClaimsUnresolved representations and warranties repurchase claims represent the notionalamount of repurchase claims made by counterparties, typically the outstandingprincipal balance or the unpaid principal balance at the time of default. In the case offirst-lien mortgages, the claim amount is often significantly greater than the expectedloss amount due to the benefit of collateral and, in some cases, mortgage insuranceor mortgage guarantee payments.The notional amount of unresolved repurchase claims at both December 31, 2025and 2024 was $2.1 billion. These balances included $837 million at both December31, 2025 and 2024 of claims related to loans in specific private-label securitizationgroups or tranches where the Corporation owns substantially all of the outstandingsecurities or will otherwise realize the benefit of any repurchase claims paid.During 2025, the Corporation received $39 million in new repurchase claims thatwere not time-barred. During 2025, $37 million in claims were resolved.
139 Bank of America
Reserve and Related ProvisionThe reserve for representations and warranties obligations and corporate guaranteeswas $184 million at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 and is included in accruedexpenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the relatedprovision is included in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Therepresentations and warranties reserve represents the Corporation’s best estimate ofprobable incurred losses, is based on its experience in previous negotiations, and issubject to judgment, a variety of assumptions and known or unknown uncertainties. AtDecember 31, 2025, the estimated range of possible loss in excess of the accruedrepresentations and warranties reserve was not significant. Future representationsand warranties losses may occur in excess of the amounts recorded for theseexposures; however, the Corporation does not expect such amounts to be material tothe Corporation's financial condition and liquidity.
Other ContingenciesIn 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) issued a final rule toimpose a special assessment to recover certain estimated losses to the DepositInsurance Fund (DIF) arising from the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and SignatureBank. The estimated losses will be recovered through quarterly special assessmentscollected from certain insured depository institutions, including the Corporation, andcollection began during the three months ended June 30, 2024. At December 31,2025 and 2024, the Corporation’s accrual for its estimated share of the FDIC specialassessment was $244 million and $1.7 billion. The decrease in the Corporation’saccrual as of December 31, 2025 reflects quarterly assessments paid during 2025, aswell as a $323 million reduction in the Corporation’s estimated share of the FDICspecial assessment during the second half of 2025. The final quarterly specialassessment payment is scheduled for the first quarter of 2026. The FDIC retains theauthority to impose a one ‑ time supplemental assessment should actual losses to theDIF exceed the total amount collected, or provide an offset against regular depositinsurance assessments if collections exceed actual losses to the DIF. The Corporationwould recognize any such adjustment in the period in which the underlyingdetermination is made.
Litigation and Regulatory MattersIn the ordinary course of business, the Corporation and its subsidiaries are routinelydefendants in or parties to many pending and threatened legal, regulatory andgovernmental actions and proceedings. In view of the inherent difficulty of predictingthe outcome of such matters, particularly where the claimants seek very large orindeterminate damages or where the matters present novel legal theories or involve alarge number of parties, the Corporation generally cannot predict the eventualoutcome of the pending matters, timing of the ultimate resolution of these matters, oreventual loss, fines or penalties related to each pending matter.As a matter develops, the Corporation, in conjunction with any outside counselhandling the matter, evaluates whether such matter presents a loss contingency thatis probable and estimable, and, for the matters disclosed below, whether a loss inexcess of any accrued liability is reasonably possible in future periods. Once the losscontingency is deemed to be both probable and estimable, the Corporation willestablish an
accrued liability and record a corresponding amount of litigation-related expense. TheCorporation continues to monitor the matter for further developments that could affectthe amount of the accrued liability that has been previously established. Excludingexpenses of internal and external legal service providers, litigation and regulatoryinvestigation-related expense of $422 million, $266 million and $519 million wasrecognized in 2025, 2024 and 2023.For any matter disclosed in this Note for which a loss in future periods isreasonably possible and estimable (whether in excess of an accrued liability or wherethere is no accrued liability), the Corporation’s estimated range of possible loss is $0to $0.5 billion in excess of the accrued liability, if any, as of December 31, 2025.The accrued liability and estimated range of possible loss are based upon currentlyavailable information and subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions andknown and unknown uncertainties. The matters underlying the accrued liability andestimated range of possible loss are unpredictable and may change from time to time,and actual losses may vary significantly from the current estimate and accrual. Theestimated range of possible loss does not represent the Corporation’s maximum lossexposure.Information is provided below regarding the nature of the litigation or othercontingency and, where specified, associated claimed damages. Based on currentknowledge, and taking into account accrued liabilities, management does not believethat loss contingencies arising from pending matters, including the matters describedbelow, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition orliquidity of the Corporation. However, in light of the significant judgment, variety ofassumptions and uncertainties involved in those matters, some of which are beyondthe Corporation’s control, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought insome of those matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of those matters could bematerial to the Corporation’s business or results of operations for any particularreporting period, or cause significant reputational harm.
Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering and Economic SanctionsComplianceBANA agreed to a Consent Order announced by the Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency (OCC) on December 23, 2024, and the Corporation continues to respond torequests for information from other regulators, relating to certain aspects of itsBSA/AML and Economic Sanctions Compliance Programs (Programs). Since late2023, the Corporation has been working with regulators to make changes to itsPrograms and has already completed significant steps to satisfy requirements of theConsent Order. The Corporation does not believe that these issues relating to thePrograms will have a material adverse financial impact on the Corporation.
Deposit Insurance AssessmentIn 2017, the FDIC filed suit against BANA in the U.S. District Court for the District ofColumbia (DC District Court) alleging that BANA underpaid assessments to the DIF inthe 2012-2014 time frame and asserting claims under the Federal Deposit InsuranceAct and for unjust enrichment. The FDIC Enforcement Section has also conducted aparallel investigation related to the same alleged underpayments. On March 31, 2025,the DC District Court granted the FDIC’s motion for summary judgment
Bank of America 140
in the amount of $540 million plus interest, related to assessments to the DIF. At thesame time, the DC District Court granted BANA’s motion for summary judgment,finding that the FDIC is not entitled to recover with respect to assessments to the DIFtotaling $583 million. The DC District Court denied the other claims and counterclaimsin the case. On July 3, 2025, BANA paid the FDIC a total of $657 million which reflectsthe judgment and BANA’s calculation of interest, which had been previously accruedby the Corporation. The FDIC seeks an additional payment of approximately $255million and additional interest that continues to accrue based on the FDIC’smethodology for calculating interest, which BANA disputes. Pending the DC DistrictCourt’s resolution, BANA has pledged security satisfactory to the FDIC with respect tothe disputed amount of interest.
Fair Access to BankingThe Corporation is responding to demands and requests regarding “fair access tobanking,” including those resulting from Executive Order 14331 “Guaranteeing FairBanking for All Americans” which directed government agencies to review financialinstitutions’ policies and practices for providing, maintaining, or discontinuing financialproducts or services to certain clients or potential clients.
LIBORBeginning in 2011, multiple class actions were filed against the Corporation, BANAand certain Merrill Lynch entities, as well as other banks on the U.S. Dollar LIBORpanel. These actions alleged that defendants manipulated LIBOR during the financialcrisis and asserted a variety of antitrust and other claims and
sought monetary and injunctive relief. The relevant cases were consolidated in theU.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (NY District Court) and onSeptember 25, 2025, the NY District Court granted Defendants’ motion for summaryjudgment and dismissed all remaining claims against the Corporation, BANA, theMerrill Lynch entities and all other defendant banks. Plaintiffs have appealed to theU.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit.
Unemployment Insurance Prepaid CardsBeginning in January 2021, BANA was named as a defendant in putative class actionand mass action lawsuits related to its administration of prepaid debit cards todistribute unemployment and other state benefits, including for the State of California,which was the largest program administered by BANA as measured by total benefitsand number of participants. The California lawsuits have been consolidated into amultidistrict litigation in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Californiawhere plaintiffs assert claims for violations of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, statestatutory and common law claims and due process, and seek monetary damages andinjunctive relief based on allegations that BANA failed to properly investigate andremediate cardholder claims of fraudulent transactions and to prevent fraud, amongother allegations.On June 16, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California (CADistrict Court) issued an order certifying classes of certain individuals who receivedCalifornia unemployment benefits via BANA prepaid debit cards. On October 17,2025, BANA filed a motion for partial summary judgment. The motion remainspending.
141 Bank of America
NOTE 13 Shareholders’ Equity
Common Stock
Declared Quarterly Cash Dividends on Common Stock
Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Dividend PerShare
February 3, 2026 March 6, 2026 March 27, 2026 $ 0.28
October 23, 2025 December 5, 2025 December 26,2025 0.28
July 23, 2025 September 5, 2025 September 26, 2025 0.28
April 23, 2025 June 6, 2025 June 27, 2025 0.26
January 29, 2025 March 7, 2025 March 28, 2025 0.26
In 2025, and through February 25, 2026.
The cash dividends paid per share of common stock were $1.08, $1.00 and $0.92 for2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.The table below summarizes common stock repurchases during 2025, 2024 and2023.
Common Stock Repurchase Summary
(in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Total share repurchases, including CCAR capital planrepurchases 452 332 147
Purchase price of shares repurchased and retired $ 21,433 $ 13,104 $ 4,576
Consists of repurchases pursuant to the Corporation’s CCAR capital plans and includes excise taxes.
During 2025, in connection with employee stock plans, the Corporation issued 86million shares of its common stock and, to satisfy tax withholding obligations,repurchased 33 million shares of common stock. At December 31, 2025, theCorporation had reserved 586 million unissued shares of common stock for futureissuances under employee stock plans, convertible notes and preferred stock.
Preferred StockThe cash dividends declared on preferred stock were $1.4 billion in 2025 and$1.6 billion in both 2024 and 2023.On April 29, 2025, the Corporation issued 120,000 shares of 6.625% Fixed-RateReset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series OO for $3.0 billion, with quarterlydividends commencing in August 2025. Series OO Preferred Stock has a liquidationpreference of $25,000 per share and is subject to certain restrictions in the event theCorporation fails to declare and pay full dividends.On July 24, 2025, the Corporation issued 100,000 shares of 6.250% Fixed-RateReset Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series UU for $2.5 billion, with quarterlydividends commencing
in October 2025. The Series UU Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of$25,000 per share and is subject to certain restrictions in the event the Corporationfails to declare and pay full dividends.During 2025, the Corporation fully redeemed Series MM and Series AA PreferredStock at their liquidation preference values for a total of $2.7 billion.All series of preferred stock in the Preferred Stock Summary table have a parvalue of $0.01 per share, are not subject to the operation of a sinking fund, have noparticipation rights, and with the exception of the Series L Preferred Stock, are notconvertible. The holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and Series 1 through 5Preferred Stock have general voting rights and vote together with the common stock.The holders of the other series included in the table have no general voting rights. Alloutstanding series of preferred stock of the Corporation have preference over theCorporation’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and distributionof the Corporation’s assets in the event of a liquidation or dissolution. With theexception of the Series B, F and G Preferred Stock, if any dividend payable on theseseries is in arrears for three or more semi-annual or six or more quarterly dividendperiods, as applicable (whether consecutive or not), the holders of these series andany other class or series of preferred stock ranking equally as to payment of dividendsand upon which equivalent voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable(voting as a single class) will be entitled to vote for the election of two additionaldirectors. These voting rights terminate when the Corporation has paid in fulldividends on these series for at least two semi-annual or four quarterly dividendperiods, as applicable, following the dividend arrearage.The 7.25% Non-Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, Series L(Series L Preferred Stock) does not have early redemption/call rights. Each share ofthe Series L Preferred Stock may be converted at any time, at the option of the holder,into 20 shares of the Corporation’s common stock plus cash in lieu of fractionalshares. The Corporation may cause some or all of the Series L Preferred Stock, at itsoption, at any time or from time to time, to be converted into shares of common stockat the then-applicable conversion rate if, for 20 trading days during any period of 30consecutive trading days, the closing price of common stock exceeds 130 percent ofthe then-applicable conversion price of the Series L Preferred Stock. If a conversion ofSeries L Preferred Stock occurs at the option of the holder, subsequent to a dividendrecord date but prior to the dividend payment date, the Corporation will still pay anyaccrued dividends payable.The following table presents a summary of perpetual preferred stock outstandingat December 31, 2025.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
Bank of America 142
Preferred Stock Summary
(Dollars in millions, except as noted)
Series Description
InitialIssuanceDate
TotalSharesOutstanding
LiquidationPreferenceper Share(in dollars) CarryingValue Per AnnumDividend Rate
Dividend perShare(in dollars) AnnualDividend Redemption Period
Series B 7.000% Cumulative RedeemableJune1997 7,065 $ 100 $ 1 7.00 % $ 7 $ — n/a
Series E Floating Rate Non-CumulativeNovember2006 12,317 25,000 308
3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 61.161 bps 1.26 15
On or afterNovember 15, 2011
Series F Floating Rate Non-CumulativeMarch2012 1,409 100,000 141 3-mo. CME Term SOFR +66.161 bps 4,983.42 7 On or afterMarch 15, 2012
Series G Adjustable Rate Non-CumulativeMarch2012 4,925 100,000 492 3-mo. CME Term SOFR +66.161 bps 4,983.42 25 On or afterMarch 15, 2012
Series L 7.25% Non-Cumulative PerpetualConvertible January2008 3,080,182 1,000 3,080 7.25 % 72.50 223 n/a
Series DD Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative March2016 40,000 25,000 1,000 6.300% to, but excluding, 3/10/26; 3-mo. CMETerm SOFR +481.461 bps thereafter 63.00 63 On or afterMarch 10, 2026
Series FF
Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative March2018 90,833 25,000 2,271
5.875% to, but excluding, 3/15/28; 3-mo. CMETerm SOFR +319.261 bps thereafter 58.75 133
On or afterMarch 15, 2028
Series GG 6.000% Non-Cumulative May2018 54,000 25,000 1,350 6.000 % 1.50 81 On or afterMay 16, 2023
Series HH 5.875% Non-Cumulative July2018 34,049 25,000 851 5.875 % 1.47 50 On or afterJuly 24, 2023
Series KK 5.375% Non-Cumulative June2019 55,273 25,000 1,382 5.375 % 1.34 74 On or afterJune 25, 2024
Series LL 5.000% Non-CumulativeSeptember2019 52,045 25,000 1,301 5.000 % 1.25 65 On or afterSeptember 17, 2024
Series NN 4.375% Non-CumulativeOctober2020 42,993 25,000 1,075 4.375 % 1.09 47 On or afterNovember 3, 2025
Series OO 6.625% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative April2025 120,000 25,000 3,000
6.625% to, but excluding, 5/1/30; 5-yr U.S. Treasury Rate + 268.4 bps thereafter 50.06 150 On or afterMay 1, 2030
Series PP 4.125% Non-CumulativeJanuary 2021 36,500 25,000 912 4.125 % 1.03 38 On or afterFebruary 2, 2026
Series QQ 4.250% Non-CumulativeOctober 2021 51,879 25,000 1,297 4.250 % 1.06 55 On or afterNovember 17, 2026
Series RR 4.375% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-CumulativeJanuary 2022 66,738 25,000 1,668 4.375% to, but excluding 1/27/27; 5-yr U.S.Treasury Rate + 276 bps thereafter 43.75 73 On or afterJanuary 27, 2027
Series SS 4.750% Non-CumulativeJanuary 2022 27,463 25,000 687 4.750 % 1.19 33
On or afterFebruary 17, 2027
Series TT 6.125% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative April 2022 80,000 25,000 2,000 6.125% to, but excluding, 4/27/27; 5-yr U.S.Treasury Rate + 323.1 bps thereafter 61.25 122 On or afterApril 27, 2027
Series UU 6.250% Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative July 2025 100,000 25,000 2,500 6.250% to, but excluding, 7/26/30; 5-yr U.S.Treasury Rate + 235.1 bps thereafter 31.60 79 On or afterJuly 26, 2030
Series 1 Floating Rate Non-CumulativeNovember2004 3,185 30,000 96 3-mo. CME Term SOFR +101.161 bps 1.34 5 On or afterNovember 28, 2009
Series 2 Floating Rate Non-CumulativeMarch2005 9,967 30,000 299 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 91.161 bps 1.33 16 On or afterNovember 28, 2009
Series 4 Floating Rate Non-CumulativeNovember2005 7,010 30,000 210 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 101.161 bps 1.36 11 On or afterNovember 28, 2010
Series 5 Floating Rate Non-CumulativeMarch2007 13,331 30,000 400 3-mo. CME Term SOFR + 76.161 bps 1.29 21
On or afterMay 21, 2012
Issuance costs and certain adjustments (329)
Total 3,991,164 $ 25,992
For all series of preferred stock other than Series B, Series F, Series G and Series L, “Dividend per Share” means the amount of dividends per depositary share of such series.The Corporation may redeem series of preferred stock on or after the redemption date, in whole or in part, at its option, at the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends. Series B and Series L Preferred Stock do not have early redemption/callrights.Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.Subject to 4.00% minimum rate per annum.The number of basis points to be added to 3-mo. Term SOFR is equal to the original basis point spread applicable to floating rate periods when the preferred stock was originally issued, plus a tenor spread adjustment of 26.161 bps relating to the transition from 3-mo. LIBOR to 3-mo. Term SOFR.Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a semi-annual cash dividend, if and when declared, until the first redemption date at which time, it adjusts to a quarterly cash dividend, ifand when declared, thereafter.Notice of redemption was sent on February 5, 2026, with redemption to occur on March 10, 2026.Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.Ownership is held in the form of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,200th interest in a share of preferred stock, paying a quarterly cash dividend, if and when declared.Subject to 3.00% minimum rate per annum.n/a = not applicable
(1) (2)
(3) (4)(5)
(4)(5)
(4)(5)
(6)(7) (5)
(6) (5)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(3)
(8)
(3)
(3)
(8)
(3)
(8)
(8)
(9) (5)(10)
(9) (5)(10)
(9) (4)(5)
(9) (4)(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
(8)
(9)
(10)
143 Bank of America
NOTE 14 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)The table below presents the changes in accumulated OCI after-tax for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
(Dollars in millions) Debt Securities Debit ValuationAdjustments Derivatives EmployeeBenefit Plans ForeignCurrency Total
Balance, December 31, 2022 $ (2,983) $ (881) $ (11,935) $ (4,309) $ (1,048) $ (21,156)
Net change 573 (686) 3,919 (439) 1 3,368
Balance, December 31, 2023 $ (2,410) $ (1,567) $ (8,016) $ (4,748) $ (1,047) $ (17,788)
Net change 158 (127) 2,428 131 (87) 2,503
Balance, December 31, 2024 $ (2,252) $ (1,694) $ (5,588) $ (4,617) $ (1,134) $ (15,285)
Net change 1,156 (329) 3,590 319 23 4,759
Balance, December 31, 2025 $ (1,096) $ (2,023) $ (1,998) $ (4,298) $ (1,111) $ (10,526)
The table below presents the net change in fair value recorded in accumulated OCI, net realized gains and losses reclassified into earnings and other changes for eachcomponent of OCI pre- and after-tax for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Pretax Taxeffect After-tax Pretax Taxeffect After-tax Pretax Tax effect After-tax
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Debt securities:
Net increase (decrease) in fair value $ 1,535 $ (394) $ 1,141 $ 185 $ (49) $ 136 $ 348 $ (79) $ 269
Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings 20 (5) 15 29 (7) 22 405 (101) 304
Net change 1,555 (399) 1,156 214 (56) 158 753 (180) 573
Debit valuation adjustments:
Net increase (decrease) in fair value (440) 108 (332) (180) 45 (135) (917) 223 (694)
Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings 3 — 3 12 (4) 8 11 (3) 8
Net change (437) 108 (329) (168) 41 (127) (906) 220 (686)
Derivatives:
Net increase (decrease) in fair value 3,294 (862) 2,432 433 (107) 326 2,064 (514) 1,550
Reclassifications into earnings:
Net interest income 1,552 (378) 1,174 2,692 (674) 2,018 1,153 (288) 865
Market making and similar activities — — — 146 (35) 111 2,031 (508) 1,523
Compensation and benefits expense (21) 5 (16) (35) 8 (27) (25) 6 (19)
Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings 1,531 (373) 1,158 2,803 (701) 2,102 3,159 (790) 2,369
Net change 4,825 (1,235) 3,590 3,236 (808) 2,428 5,223 (1,304) 3,919
Employee benefit plans:
Net increase (decrease) in fair value 315 (75) 240 29 (8) 21 (642) 162 (480)
Net actuarial losses and other reclassified into earnings 163 (84) 79 148 (37) 111 56 (16) 40
Settlements, curtailments and other — — — (1) — (1) 1 — 1
Net change 478 (159) 319 176 (45) 131 (585) 146 (439)
Foreign currency:
Net increase (decrease) in fair value (651) 673 22 521 (615) (94) (177) 192 15
Net realized (gains) losses reclassified into earnings 3 (2) 1 41 (34) 7 (48) 34 (14)
Net change (648) 671 23 562 (649) (87) (225) 226 1
Total other comprehensive income (loss) $ 5,773 $ (1,014) $ 4,759 $ 4,020 $ (1,517) $ 2,503 $ 4,260 $ (892) $ 3,368
Reclassifications of pretax debt securities, DVA and foreign currency (gains) losses are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Income.Reclassifications of pretax employee benefit plan costs are recorded in other general operating expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 144
NOTE 15 Earnings Per Common ShareThe calculation of EPS and diluted EPS for 2025, 2024 and 2023 is presented below. For more information on the calculation of EPS, see Note 1 – Summary of SignificantAccounting Principles.
(In millions, except per share information) 2025 2024 2023
Earnings per common share
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Preferred stock dividends and other (1,454) (1,629) (1,649)
Net income applicable to common shareholders $ 29,055 $ 25,344 $ 24,656
Average common shares issued and outstanding 7,521.9 7,855.5 8,028.6
Earnings per common share $ 3.86 $ 3.23 $ 3.07
Diluted earnings per common share
Net income applicable to common shareholders $ 29,055 $ 25,344 $ 24,656
Add preferred stock dividends due to assumed conversions 223 — —
Net income allocated to common shareholders $ 29,278 $ 25,344 $ 24,656
Average common shares issued and outstanding 7,521.9 7,855.5 8,028.6
Dilutive potential common shares 159.0 80.3 51.9
Total average diluted common shares issued and outstanding 7,680.9 7,935.8 8,080.5
Diluted earnings per common share $ 3.81 $ 3.19 $ 3.05
Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting net income applicable to commonshareholders and average common shares issued and outstanding for the potentialimpact, if dilutive, of any instruments that are exercisable or convertible into commonshares. As the Corporation’s Series L convertible preferred stock (Series L) wasdilutive to EPS for 2025, total average dilutive common shares issued and outstandingincluded 62 million common shares, as the Series L was assumed to have beenconverted into common shares as of the beginning of 2025. In addition, for 2025,Series L preferred dividends of $223 million were included in net income allocated tocommon shareholders, as they would have been paid if the Series L was converted.For 2024 and 2023, the Corporation’s Series L was antidilutive, and therefore, therewas no assumed conversion of any shares.
NOTE 16 Regulatory Requirements and RestrictionsThe Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve), Office ofthe Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and FDIC (collectively, U.S. bankingregulators) jointly establish regulatory capital adequacy rules, including Basel 3, forU.S. banking organizations. As a financial holding company, the
Corporation is subject to capital adequacy rules issued by the Federal Reserve. TheCorporation’s banking entity affiliates are subject to capital adequacy rules issued bythe OCC.The Corporation and its primary affiliated banking entity, BANA, are Advancedapproaches institutions under Basel 3 and are required to report regulatory risk-basedcapital ratios and risk-weighted assets under both the Standardized and Advancedapproaches. The lower of the capital ratios under Standardized or Advancedapproaches compared to their respective regulatory capital ratio requirements is usedto assess capital adequacy, including under the Prompt Corrective Action (PCA)framework.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation was also required to maintain aminimum supplementary leverage ratio (SLR) of 3.0 percent plus a leverage buffer of2.0 percent in order to avoid certain restrictions on capital distributions anddiscretionary bonus payments to executive officers. The Corporation’s insureddepository institution subsidiaries were also required to maintain a minimum SLR of6.0 percent to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.The following table presents capital ratios and related information in accordancewith Basel 3 Standardized and Advanced approaches as measured at December 31,2025 and 2024 for the Corporation and BANA.
145 Bank of America
Regulatory Capital under Basel 3
Bank of America Corporation Bank of America, N.A.
StandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches Regulatory MinimumStandardizedApproach AdvancedApproaches Regulatory Minimum
(Dollars in millions, except as noted) December 31, 2025
Risk-based capital metrics:
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 201,410 $ 201,410 $ 190,831 $ 190,831
Tier 1 capital 227,382 227,382 190,831 190,831
Total capital 261,232 250,347 206,640 196,006
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,773 1,570 1,530 1,227
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 11.4 % 12.8 % 10.0 % 12.5 % 15.6 % 7.0 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 12.8 14.5 11.5 12.5 15.6 8.5
Total capital ratio 14.7 15.9 13.5 13.5 16.0 10.5
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 3,348 $ 3,348 $ 2,592 $ 2,592
Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.8 % 6.8 % 4.0 7.4 % 7.4 % 5.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,986 $ 3,101
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.7 % 5.0 6.2 % 6.0
December 31, 2024
Risk-based capital metrics :
Common equity tier 1 capital $ 201,083 $ 201,083 $ 194,341 $ 194,341
Tier 1 capital 223,458 223,458 194,341 194,341
Total capital 255,363 244,809 209,256 198,923
Risk-weighted assets (in billions) 1,696 1,490 1,444 1,151
Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 11.9 % 13.5 % 10.7 % 13.5 % 16.9 % 7.0 %
Tier 1 capital ratio 13.2 15.0 12.2 13.5 16.9 8.5
Total capital ratio 15.1 16.4 14.2 14.5 17.3 10.5
Leverage-based metrics:
Adjusted quarterly average assets (in billions) $ 3,240 $ 3,240 $ 2,546 $ 2,546
Tier 1 leverage ratio 6.9 % 6.9 % 4.0 7.6 % 7.6 % 5.0
Supplementary leverage exposure (in billions) $ 3,818 $ 3,015
Supplementary leverage ratio 5.9 % 5.0 6.4 % 6.0
As of January 1, 2025, CECL transition provision’s impact was fully phased-in. Capital ratios as of December 31, 2024 were calculated using the regulatory capital rule that allowed a five-year transition period related to the adoption of the CECL accountingstandard on January 1, 2020.The CET1 capital regulatory minimum is the sum of the CET1 capital ratio minimum of 4.5 percent, the Corporation’s G-SIB surcharge of 3.0 percent, and SCB (under the Standardized approach) of 2.5 percent at December 31, 2025 and 3.2 percent atDecember 31, 2024. The countercyclical capital buffer was zero for both periods. The SLR regulatory minimum includes a leverage buffer of 2.0 percent.Risk-based capital regulatory minimums at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 are the minimum ratios under Basel 3 including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 percent. The regulatory minimums for the leverage ratios as of both period ends are the percentrequired to be considered well capitalized under the PCA framework.Total capital under the Advanced approaches differs from the Standardized approach due to differences in the amount permitted in Tier 2 capital related to the qualifying allowance for credit losses.Reflects total average assets adjusted for certain Tier 1 capital deductions.Effective in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation elected to change its accounting methods for certain tax-related equity investments and applied those changes retrospectively through cumulative adjustment to retained earnings. Under applicable bankregulatory rules, the Corporation is not required to revise previously-filed regulatory capital ratios and, accordingly, did not revise regulatory capital information as of December 31, 2024.
The capital adequacy rules issued by the U.S. banking regulators requireinstitutions to meet the established minimums outlined in the table above. Failure tomeet the minimum requirements can lead to certain mandatory and discretionaryactions by regulators that could have a material adverse impact on the Corporation’sfinancial position. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation and its bankingentity affiliates were well capitalized.
Other Regulatory MattersAt December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had cash and cash equivalents inthe amount of $4.4 billion and $4.0 billion, and securities with a fair value of $13.2billion and $18.3 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations.Cash and cash equivalents segregated in compliance with securities regulations are acomponent of restricted cash. For more information, see Note 10 – SecuritiesFinancing Agreements, Short-term Borrowings, Collateral and Restricted Cash. Inaddition, at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation had cash deposited withclearing organizations
of $28.3 billion and $21.5 billion primarily recorded in other assets on theConsolidated Balance Sheet.
Bank Subsidiary DistributionsThe primary sources of funds for cash distributions by the Corporation to itsshareholders are capital distributions received from its bank subsidiaries, BANA andBank of America California, N.A. In 2025, the Corporation received dividends of $33.6billion from BANA. No dividends were received from Bank of America California, N.Ain 2025.The amount of dividends that a subsidiary bank may declare in a calendar yearwithout OCC approval is the subsidiary bank’s net profits for that year combined withits retained net profits for the preceding two years. Retained net profits, as defined bythe OCC, consist of net income less dividends declared during the period. In 2026,BANA can declare and pay dividends of approximately $6.3 billion to the Corporationplus an additional amount equal to its retained net profits for 2026 up to the date ofany such dividend declaration.
(1) (1) (2) (1) (1) (3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(4)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
Bank of America 146
NOTE 17 Employee Benefit Plans
Pension and Postretirement PlansThe Corporation sponsors a qualified noncontributory trusteed pension plan (QualifiedPension Plan), a number of noncontributory nonqualified pension plans andpostretirement health and life plans that cover eligible employees. Non-U.S. pensionplans sponsored by the Corporation vary based on the country and local practices.The Qualified Pension Plan has a balance guarantee feature for account balanceswith participant-selected investments, applied at the time a benefit payment is madefrom the plan that effectively provides principal protection for participant balancestransferred and certain compensation credits. The Corporation is responsible forfunding any shortfall on the guarantee feature.Benefits earned under the Qualified Pension Plan have been frozen. Thereafter,the cash balance accounts continue to earn investment credits or interest credits inaccordance with the terms of the plan document.The Corporation has an annuity contract that guarantees the payment of benefitsvested under a terminated U.S. pension plan (Other Pension Plan). The Corporation,under a supplemental agreement, may be responsible for or benefit from actualexperience and investment performance of the annuity assets. The Corporation madeno contribution under this agreement in 2025 or 2024. Contributions may be requiredin the future under this agreement.
The Corporation’s noncontributory, nonqualified pension plans are unfunded andprovide supplemental defined pension benefits to certain eligible employees.In addition to retirement pension benefits, certain benefits-eligible employees maybecome eligible to continue participation as retirees in health care and/or lifeinsurance plans sponsored by the Corporation. These plans are referred to as thePostretirement Health and Life Plans.The Pension and Postretirement Plans table summarizes the changes in the fairvalue of plan assets, changes in the projected benefit obligation (PBO), the fundedstatus of both the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and the PBO, and theweighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for the pensionplans and postretirement plans at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The estimate of theCorporation’s PBO associated with these plans considers various actuarialassumptions, including assumptions for mortality rates and discount rates. Thediscount rate assumptions are derived from a cash flow matching technique thatutilizes rates that are based on Aa-rated corporate bonds with cash flows that matchestimated benefit payments of each of the plans. The decreases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2025 resulted in an increase to the PBO of $225 million atDecember 31, 2025. The increases in the weighted-average discount rates in 2024resulted in a decrease to the PBO of $767 million at December 31, 2024. Significantgains and losses related to changes in the PBO for 2025 and 2024 primarily resultedfrom changes in the discount rate.
Pension and Postretirement Plans
QualifiedPension Plan Non-U.S.Pension Plans Nonqualified and OtherPension Plans PostretirementHealth and Life Plans
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Fair value, January 1 $ 17,624 $ 17,632 $ 1,580 $ 1,779 $ 1,739 $ 1,849 $ 88 $ 98
Actual return on plan assets 1,894 984 48 (103) 118 33 4 4
Company contributions — — 30 24 79 80 36 16
Plan participant contributions — — 2 1 — — 115 106
Settlements and curtailments — — (1) (1) — — — —
Benefits paid (1,096) (992) (88) (77) (217) (223) (153) (136)
Foreign currency exchange rate changes n/a n/a 118 (43) n/a n/a n/a n/a
Fair value, December 31 $ 18,422 $ 17,624 $ 1,689 $ 1,580 $ 1,719 $ 1,739 $ 90 $ 88
Change in projected benefit obligation
Projected benefit obligation, January 1 $ 11,105 $ 11,769 $ 1,769 $ 1,974 $ 1,966 $ 2,092 $ 640 $ 672
Service cost — — 36 31 — — 2 2
Interest cost 608 587 92 86 104 103 35 33
Plan participant contributions — — 2 1 — — 115 106
Plan amendments — — 3 (9) — — — —
Settlements and curtailments — — (1) (1) — — — —
Actuarial loss (gain) 348 (259) (33) (185) 68 (6) 3 (37)
Benefits paid (1,096) (992) (88) (77) (217) (223) (153) (136)
Foreign currency exchange rate changes n/a n/a 115 (51) n/a n/a 2 —
Projected benefit obligation, December 31 $ 10,965 $ 11,105 $ 1,895 $ 1,769 $ 1,921 $ 1,966 $ 644 $ 640
Amounts recognized on Consolidated Balance Sheet
Other assets $ 7,457 $ 6,519 $ 245 $ 234 $ 448 $ 431 $ — $ —
Accrued expenses and other liabilities — — (451) (423) (650) (658) (554) (552)
Net amount recognized, December 31 $ 7,457 $ 6,519 $ (206) $ (189) $ (202) $ (227) $ (554) $ (552)
Funded status, December 31
Accumulated benefit obligation $ 10,965 $ 11,105 $ 1,811 $ 1,696 $ 1,921 $ 1,966 n/a n/a
Overfunded (unfunded) status of ABO 7,457 6,519 (122) (116) (202) (227) n/a n/a
Provision for future salaries — — 84 73 — — n/a n/a
Projected benefit obligation 10,965 11,105 1,895 1,769 1,921 1,966 $ 644 $ 640
Weighted-average assumptions, December 31
Discount rate 5.48 % 5.67 % 5.14 % 5.15 % 5.29 % 5.61 % 5.53 % 5.78 %
Rate of compensation increase n/a n/a 4.03 4.35 4.00 4.00 n/a n/a
Interest-crediting rate 5.41 % 5.42 % 2.31 2.08 4.61 4.73 n/a n/a
The measurement date for all of the above plans was December 31 of each year reported.n/a = not applicable
(1)
(1)
147 Bank of America
The Corporation’s estimate of its contributions to be made to the Non-U.S. PensionPlans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and LifePlans in 2026 is $40 million, $90 million and $33 million, respectively. The Corporationdoes not expect to make a contribution to the Qualified Pension Plan in 2026. It is thepolicy of the Corporation to fund no less than the minimum funding amount
required by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).Pension Plans with ABO and PBO in excess of plan assets as of December 31,2025 and 2024 are presented in the table below. For these plans, funding strategiesvary due to legal requirements and local practices.
Plans with ABO and PBO in Excess of Plan Assets
Non-U.S.Pension Plans
Nonqualifiedand OtherPension Plans
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024
PBO $ 517 $ 496 $ 651 $ 659
ABO 445 433 651 659
Fair value of plan assets 67 75 — —
Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost
Qualified Pension Plan Non-U.S. Pension Plans
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Components of net periodic benefit cost (income)
Service cost $ — $ — $ — $ 36 $ 31 $ 27
Interest cost 608 587 616 92 86 80
Expected return on plan assets (1,188) (1,206) (1,191) (77) (89) (72)
Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) and prior service cost 144 134 94 17 16 11
Recognized loss (gain) due to settlements, curtailments, and other — — — — (1) 1
Net periodic benefit cost (income) $ (436) $ (485) $ (481) $ 68 $ 43 $ 47
Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31
Discount rate 5.67 % 5.13 % 5.54 % 5.15 % 4.48 % 4.59 %
Expected return on plan assets 6.50 6.50 6.50 4.79 5.18 4.17
Rate of compensation increase n/a n/a n/a 4.35 4.33 4.25
Nonqualified andOther Pension Plans Postretirement Healthand Life Plans
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Components of net periodic benefit cost (income)
Service cost $ — $ — $ — $ 2 $ 2 $ 2
Interest cost 104 103 111 35 33 36
Expected return on plan assets (94) (90) (97) (2) (3) (2)
Amortization of actuarial loss (gain) and prior service cost 36 33 29 (34) (35) (78)
Net periodic benefit cost (income) $ 46 $ 46 $ 43 $ 1 $ (3) $ (42)
Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net cost for years ended December 31
Discount rate 5.61 % 5.19 % 5.58 % 5.71 % 5.17 % 5.56 %
Expected return on plan assets 5.26 4.73 4.98 3.40 3.40 2.00
Rate of compensation increase 4.00 4.00 4.00 n/a n/a n/a
n/a = not applicable
The asset valuation method used to calculate the expected return on plan assetscomponent of net periodic benefit cost for the Qualified Pension Plan recognizes 60percent of the prior year’s market gains or losses at the next measurement date withthe remaining 40 percent spread equally over the subsequent four years.Gains and losses for all benefit plans except postretirement health care arerecognized in accordance with the standard amortization provisions of the applicableaccounting guidance. Net periodic postretirement health and life expense wasdetermined using the “projected unit credit” actuarial method. For the U.S.Postretirement Health Plans, 50 percent of the unrecognized gain or loss at thebeginning of the year (or at subsequent remeasurement) is recognized on a levelbasis during the year.
Assumed health care cost trend rates affect the postretirement benefit obligationand benefit cost reported for the Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The assumedhealth care cost trend rate used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered bythe U.S. Postretirement Health and Life Plans is 7.00 percent for 2026, reducing insteps to 5.00 percent in 2032 and later years.The Corporation’s net periodic benefit cost (income) recognized for the plans issensitive to the discount rate and expected return on plan assets. For the QualifiedPension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, andPostretirement Health and Life Plans, a 25 bps decline in discount rates and expectedreturn on assets would not have had a significant impact on the net periodic benefitcost for 2025.
Bank of America 148
Pretax Amounts included in Accumulated OCI and OCI

QualifiedPension Plan Non-U.S.Pension Plans
Nonqualifiedand OtherPension Plans
PostretirementHealth andLife Plans Total
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Net actuarial loss (gain) $ 4,398 $ 4,901 $ 447 $ 468 $ 878 $ 870 $ (93) $ (128) $ 5,630 $ 6,111
Prior service cost (credits) — — 39 36 — — — — 39 36
Amounts recognized in accumulated OCI $ 4,398 $ 4,901 $ 486 $ 504 $ 878 $ 870 $ (93) $ (128) $ 5,669 $ 6,147
Current year actuarial loss (gain) $ (359) $ (37) $ (4) $ 5 $ 44 $ 51 $ 1 $ (38) $ (318) $ (19)
Amortization of actuarial gain (loss) andprior service cost (144) (134) (17) (16) (36) (33) 34 35 (163) (148)
Current year prior service cost (credit) — — 3 (9) — — — — 3 (9)
Amounts recognized in OCI $ (503) $ (171) $ (18) $ (20) $ 8 $ 18 $ 35 $ (3) $ (478) $ (176)
Plan AssetsThe Qualified Pension Plan has been established as a retirement vehicle forparticipants, and trusts have been established to secure benefits promised under theQualified Pension Plan. The Corporation’s policy is to invest the trust assets in aprudent manner for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants anddefraying reasonable expenses of administration. The Corporation’s investmentstrategy is designed to provide a total return that, over the long term, increases theratio of assets to liabilities. The strategy attempts to maximize the investment returnon assets at a level of risk deemed appropriate by the Corporation while complyingwith ERISA and any applicable regulations and laws. The investment strategy utilizesasset allocation as a principal determinant for establishing the risk/return profile of theassets. Asset allocation ranges are established, periodically reviewed and adjusted asfunding levels and liability characteristics change. Active and passive investmentmanagers are employed to help enhance the risk/return profile of the assets. Anadditional aspect of the investment strategy used to minimize risk (part of the assetallocation plan) includes matching the exposure of participant-selected investmentmeasures.The assets of the Non-U.S. Pension Plans are primarily attributable to a U.K.pension plan. This U.K. pension plan’s assets are invested prudently so that thebenefits promised to members are provided with consideration given to the nature andthe duration of the plans’ liabilities. The selected asset
allocation strategy is designed to achieve a higher return than the lowest risk strategy.The expected rate of return on plan assets assumption was developed throughanalysis of historical market returns, historical asset class volatility and correlations,current market conditions, anticipated future asset allocations, the funds’ pastexperience and expectations on potential future market returns. The expected returnon plan assets assumption is determined using the calculated market-related value forthe Qualified Pension Plan and the Other Pension Plan and the fair value for the Non-U.S. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health and Life Plans. The expected return onplan assets assumption represents a long-term average view of the performance ofthe assets in the Qualified Pension Plan, the Non-U.S. Pension Plans, the OtherPension Plan, and Postretirement Health and Life Plans, a return that may or may notbe achieved during any one calendar year. The Other Pension Plan is invested solelyin an annuity contract, which is primarily invested in fixed-income securities structuredsuch that asset maturities match the duration of the plan’s obligations.The target allocations for 2026 by asset category for the Qualified Pension Plan,Non-U.S. Pension Plans, and Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans are presented inthe table below. Equity securities for the Qualified Pension Plan include common stockof the Corporation in the amounts of $491 million (2.66 percent of total plan assets)and $386 million (2.19 percent of total plan assets) at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
2026 Target Allocation
Percentage
Asset Category QualifiedPension Plan Non-U.S.Pension Plans
Nonqualifiedand OtherPension Plans
Equity securities 10 - 40% 0 - 10% 0 - 5%
Debt securities 50 - 85% 50 - 85% 95 - 100%
Real estate 0 - 10% 0 - 10% 0 - 5%
Other 0 - 10% 10 - 35% 0 - 5%
Fair Value MeasurementsFor more information on fair value measurements, including descriptions of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methods employed by the Corporation,see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles and Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements. Combined plan investment assets measured at fair value by level and intotal at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are summarized in the Fair Value Measurements table.
149 Bank of America
Fair Value Measurements
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
Money market and interest-bearing cash $ 1,171 $ — $ — $ 1,171 $ 1,103 $ — $ — $ 1,103
U.S. government and government agency obligations 3,852 805 2 4,659 3,875 754 3 4,632
Corporate debt — 2,775 — 2,775 — 2,931 — 2,931
Non-U.S. debt securities 501 785 — 1,286 474 889 — 1,363
Asset-backed securities — 1,135 — 1,135 — 1,361 — 1,361
Mutual and exchange-traded funds 1,074 — — 1,074 920 — — 920
Collective investment funds — 2,834 — 2,834 — 2,670 — 2,670
Common and preferred stocks 4,499 — — 4,499 3,795 — — 3,795
Real estate investment trusts 37 — — 37 36 — — 36
Participant loans — — 6 6 — — 6 6
Other investments 1 18 471 490 1 11 451 463
Total plan investment assets, at fair value $ 11,135 $ 8,352 $ 479 $ 19,966 $ 10,204 $ 8,616 $ 460 $ 19,280
Other investments includes insurance annuity contracts of $452 million and $432 million and other various investments of $38 million and $31 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024.At December 31, 2025 and 2024, excludes $2.0 billion and $1.8 billion of certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient and are not required to be classified in the fair valuehierarchy.
Level 3 Fair Value Measurements
Investments classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy increased $19 million in 2025 to $479 million due to $5 million in positive asset returns and $14 million of netpurchases. In 2024, level 3 investments increased $23 million to $460 million due to $5 million in negative asset returns and $28 million of net purchases. In 2023, level 3investments increased $16 million to $437 million due to $4 million in positive asset returns and $12 million of net purchases.
Projected Benefit PaymentsBenefit payments projected to be made from the Qualified Pension Plan, Non-U.S. Pension Plans, Nonqualified and Other Pension Plans, and Postretirement Health and LifePlans are presented in the table below.
Projected Benefit Payments
(Dollars in millions)
QualifiedPension Plan Non-U.S.Pension Plans
Nonqualifiedand OtherPension Plans Postretirement Health andLife Plans
2026 $ 904 $ 112 $ 230 $ 64
2027 919 114 221 62
2028 911 120 211 60
2029 905 127 200 58
2030 878 131 190 56
2031-2035 4,166 686 778 247
Benefit payments expected to be made from the plan’s assets.Benefit payments expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.Benefit payments (net of retiree contributions) expected to be made from a combination of the plans’ and the Corporation’s assets.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1) (2) (2) (3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Bank of America 150
Defined Contribution PlansThe Corporation maintains qualified and nonqualified defined contribution retirementplans. The Corporation recorded expense of $1.3 billion in both 2025 and 2024 and$1.2 billion in 2023 related to the qualified defined contribution plans. At December 31,2025 and 2024, 139 million and 153 million shares of the Corporation’s common stockwere held by these plans. Payments to the plans for dividends on common stock were$158 million, $165 million and $166 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.Certain non-U.S. employees are covered under defined contribution pension plansthat are separately administered in accordance with local laws.
NOTE 18 Stock-based Compensation PlansThe Corporation administers a number of equity compensation plans, with awardsbeing granted predominantly from the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan(BACEP). Under this plan, 990 million shares of the Corporation’s common stock areauthorized to be used for grants of awards.During 2025 and 2024, the Corporation granted 107 million and 121 million RSUsto certain employees under the BACEP. These RSUs were authorized to settlepredominantly in shares of common stock of the Corporation. Certain RSUs will besettled in cash or contain settlement provisions that subject these awards to variableaccounting whereby compensation expense is adjusted to fair value based onchanges in the share price of the Corporation’s common stock up to the settlementdate. The RSUs granted in 2025 and 2024 predominantly vest over four years in one-fourth increments on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, providedthat the employee remains continuously employed with the Corporation during thattime, and will be expensed ratably over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures,for non-retirement eligible employees based on the grant-date fair value of the shares.Of the RSUs granted in 2025 and 2024, 38 million and 42 million do not includeretirement eligibility. For all other RSUs granted to employees who are retirementeligible, they are deemed authorized as of the beginning of the year preceding thegrant date when the incentive award plans are generally approved. As a result, theestimated value is expensed ratably over the year preceding the grant date. Thecompensation cost for the stock-based plans was $4.2 billion, $3.6 billion and $3.1billion, and the related income tax benefit was $1.0 billion, $872 million and $733million for 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2025, there was anestimated $4.7 billion of total unrecognized compensation cost related to certainshare-based compensation awards that is expected to be recognized generally over aperiod of up to 4 years, with a weighted-average period of 2.5 years.
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock UnitsThe total fair value of restricted stock and restricted stock units vested in 2025, 2024and 2023 was $4.0 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively. The followingtable presents the status at December 31, 2025 of the share-settled restricted stockand restricted stock units and changes during 2025.
Stock-settled Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
Shares/Units
Weighted-average Grant DateFair Value
Outstanding at January 1, 2025 265,023,664 $ 35.43
Granted 103,500,953 45.25
Vested (87,590,322) 36.76
Canceled (10,393,790) 39.63
Outstanding at December 31, 2025 270,540,505 38.60
NOTE 19 Income TaxesThe Corporation pays taxes in U.S. and Non-U.S. jurisdictions based on income. Thetable below presents income before income tax expense disaggregated by U.S. andNon-U.S. jurisdictions for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Income Before Income Tax Expense
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
U.S. $ 28,813 $ 24,251 $ 23,978
Non-U.S. 8,882 8,972 8,552
Income before income tax expense $ 37,695 $ 33,223 $ 32,530
Income is related to the tax jurisdiction of the legal entity’s principal place of business.
The components of income tax expense for 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in thetable below.
Income Tax Expense
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Current income tax expense
U.S. federal $ 4,202 $ 4,709 $ 4,760
U.S. state and local 442 603 559
Non-U.S. 2,247 2,065 1,918
Total current expense 6,891 7,377 7,237
Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
U.S. federal (114) (1,679) (1,233)
U.S. state and local 239 153 (62)
Non-U.S. 170 399 283
Total deferred expense (benefit) 295 (1,127) (1,012)
Total income tax expense $ 7,186 $ 6,250 $ 6,225
Total income tax expense does not reflect the tax effects of items that are includedin OCI each period. For more information, see Note 14 – Accumulated OtherComprehensive Income (Loss)). Other tax effects included in OCI each periodresulted in an expense of $1.0 billion, $1.5 billion and $892 million in 2025, 2024 and2023, respectively.Income tax expense for 2025, 2024 and 2023 varied from the amount computed byapplying the statutory income tax rate to income before income taxes. TheCorporation’s federal statutory tax rate was 21 percent for 2025, 2024 and 2023. Areconciliation of the expected U.S. federal income tax expense, calculated by applyingthe federal statutory tax rate, to the Corporation’s actual income tax expense, and theeffective tax rates for 2025, 2024 and 2023 are presented in the following table.
(1)
(1)
151 Bank of America
Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense
Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Expected U.S. federal income tax expense $ 7,916 21.0 % $ 6,976 21.0 % $ 6,831 21.0 %
Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:
State and local income tax, net of federal income tax deduction 726 2.0 690 2.1 331 1.0
Tax credits
PTCs and LIHTCs accounted for under PAM (633) (1.7) (587) (1.8) (600) (1.8)
ITCs and other PTCs (705) (1.9) (924) (2.8) (568) (1.7)
Other (216) (0.6) (307) (0.9) (227) (0.7)
Nontaxable or nondeductible items
Tax-exempt income, including dividends (405) (1.1) (477) (1.4) (411) (1.3)
Nondeductible expenses 419 1.1 426 1.2 405 1.2
Other (215) (0.6) (15) — (24) (0.1)
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits (187) (0.5) (99) (0.3) (26) (0.1)
Foreign tax effects 550 1.5 586 1.7 381 1.2
Effect of cross-border tax laws (205) (0.5) (175) (0.5) (83) (0.3)
Changes in valuation allowances 149 0.4 224 0.7 303 0.9
Other (8) — (68) (0.2) (87) (0.2)
Total income tax expense (benefit) $ 7,186 19.1 % $ 6,250 18.8 % $ 6,225 19.1 %
Tax credits originate from investments in affordable housing and renewable energypartnerships and similar entities. Increases in tax credits recognized in 2025 and2024, compared to 2023, were primarily driven by the Corporation’s growth in thevolume of investments in wind and solar renewable energy production facilities. Formore information, see Note 6 – Securitizations and Other Variable Interest Entities.The majority (greater than 50 percent) of the state and local income taxes, net offederal income tax deduction, in the respective periods above were attributable toNew York City, New York State and California in 2025; California, New York State andNew York City in 2024; and New York State and New York City in 2023.The reconciliation of the beginning unrecognized tax benefits (UTB) balance to theending balance is presented in the table below.
Reconciliation of the Change in Unrecognized Tax Benefits
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Balance, January 1 $ 684 $ 811 $ 1,056
Increases related to positions taken during thecurrent year 54 55 76
Increases related to positions taken during prioryears 24 39 139
Decreases related to positions taken during prioryears (214) (134) (32)
Settlements (46) (62) (380)
Expiration of statute of limitations (19) (25) (48)
Balance, December 31 $ 483 $ 684 $ 811
The sum of the positions taken during prior years differs from the $(187) million, $(99) million and $(26) million in theReconciliation of Income Tax Expense table due to temporary items, state items and jurisdictional offsets, as well as theinclusion of interest in the Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense table.
At December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the balance of the Corporation’s UTBswhich would, if recognized, affect the Corporation’s effective tax rate was $415 million,$573 million and $671 million, respectively. Included in the UTB balance are someitems the recognition of which would not affect the effective tax rate, such as the taxeffect of certain temporary differences, the portion of gross state UTBs that would beoffset by the tax benefit of the associated federal deduction and the portion of grossnon-U.S. UTBs that would be offset by tax reductions in other jurisdictions.
The Corporation recognized an interest benefit of $26 million in 2025, interestbenefit of $9 million in 2024 and interest expense of $35 million in 2023. At 2025 and2024, the Corporation’s accrual for interest and penalties that related to income taxes,net of taxes and remittances, was $72 million and $105 million.The Corporation files income tax returns in more than 60 states and municipalitiesand more than 40 non-U.S. jurisdictions each year. The IRS and other tax authoritiesin countries and states in which the Corporation has significant business operationsexamine tax returns periodically (continuously in some jurisdictions). The table belowsummarizes the status of examinations by major jurisdiction for the Corporation andvarious subsidiaries at December 31, 2025.
Tax Examination Status
Years underExamination Status atDecember 31, 2025
United States 2017-2023 Field Examination
California 2018-2021 Field Examination
New York 2022-2024 Field Examination
New York City 2022-2024 To begin in 2026
United Kingdom 2021-2023 Field Examination
All tax years subsequent to the years shown remain subject to examination.Field examination for tax year 2024 to begin in 2026.
Significant components of the Corporation’s net deferred tax assets and liabilitiesat December 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in the following table.
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 152
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Deferred tax assets
Tax attribute carryforwards $ 12,875 11,898
Allowance for credit losses 3,415 3,463
Lease liability 2,025 2,169
Employee compensation and retirement benefits 1,807 1,760
Accrued expenses 1,030 1,379
Security, loan and debt valuations 559 2,680
Other 2,469 2,339
Gross deferred tax assets 24,180 25,688
Valuation allowance (2,310) (2,361)
Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 21,870 23,327

Deferred tax liabilities
Equipment lease financing 3,246 3,021
Right-of-use asset 1,873 2,025
Other 1,747 1,920
Gross deferred tax liabilities 6,866 6,966
Net deferred tax assets $ 15,004 16,361
The table below summarizes the deferred tax assets and related valuationallowances recognized for the net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards atDecember 31, 2025.
Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforward Deferred Tax Assets
(Dollars in millions)
DeferredTax Asset ValuationAllowance
NetDeferredTax Asset First YearExpiring
Net operating losses - U.K. $ 7,447 $ — $ 7,447 None
Net operating losses - othernon-U.S. 67 (25) 42 Various
Net operating losses - U.S.states 389 (242) 147 Various
General business credits 3,920 — 3,920 After 2045
Foreign tax credits 1,052 (1,052) — After 2028
Represents U.K. broker-dealer net operating losses that may be carried forward indefinitely.The net operating losses and related valuation allowances for U.S. states before considering the benefit of federal deductionswere $492 million and $307 million.
Management concluded that no valuation allowance was necessary to reduce thedeferred tax assets related to the U.K. NOL carryforwards and U.S. federal andcertain state NOL carryforwards since estimated future taxable income will besufficient to utilize these assets prior to their expiration. Additionally, the Corporation’sU.K. net deferred tax assets consist primarily of NOLs that are expected to be realizedin a U.K. subsidiary over an extended number of years. Management’s conclusion issupported by financial results, profit forecasts for the relevant entity and the indefiniteperiod to carry forward NOLs. However, a material change in those estimates couldlead management to reassess such valuation allowance conclusions.At December 31, 2025, the Corporation did not record U.S. federal income taxeson temporary differences related to certain investments in non ‑ U.S. subsidiariesbecause these investments are considered to be permanently reinvested. If a deferredtax liability had been recognized, the amount would be approximately $1.0 billion.The following table summarizes cash taxes paid, net of refunds received, forjurisdictions that represented five percent or more of total income taxes paid, net ofrefunds received.
Income Taxes Paid
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Taxes paid by jurisdiction
U.S. federal $ 1,050 $ 1,143 $ 775
U.S. state and local
California not required not required 230
Other 651 569 525
Total U.S. state and local 651 569 755
Non-U.S.
United Kingdom 433 578 519
India 272 292 266
Other 1,524 1,240 1,090
Total Non-U.S. 2,229 2,110 1,875
Total income taxes paid $ 3,930 $ 3,822 $ 3,405
Amounts are not required as the total for the periods presented is less than five percent of the total income taxes paid.
NOTE 20 Fair Value MeasurementsUnder applicable accounting standards, fair value is defined as the exchange pricethat would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in theprincipal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderlytransaction between market participants on the measurement date. The Corporationdetermines the fair values of its financial instruments under applicable accountingstandards that require an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs andminimize the use of unobservable inputs. The Corporation categorizes its financialinstruments into three levels based on the established fair value hierarchy andconducts a review of fair value hierarchy classifications on a quarterly basis. Transfersinto or out of a particular level of hierarchy occur when there is a change in theobservability or unobservability of the inputs that are significant to the valuation. Formore information regarding the fair value hierarchy and how the Corporationmeasures fair value, see Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Principles. TheCorporation accounts for certain financial instruments under the fair value option. Formore information, see Note 21 – Fair Value Option.
Valuation TechniquesThe following sections outline the valuation methodologies for the Corporation’sassets and liabilities. While the Corporation believes its valuation methods areappropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of differentmethodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financialinstruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.During 2025, there were no significant changes to valuation approaches ortechniques that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on the Corporation’sconsolidated financial position or results of operations.
Trading Account Assets and Liabilities and Debt SecuritiesThe fair values of trading account assets and liabilities are primarily based on activelytraded markets where prices are based on either direct market quotes or observedtransactions. The fair values of debt securities are generally based on quoted marketprices or market prices for similar assets. Liquidity is a significant factor in thedetermination of the fair values of trading account assets and liabilities and debtsecurities. Market price quotes may not be readily available for some positions suchas positions within a market sector where trading activity has slowed significantly orceased. Some of these instruments are valued using a discounted cash flow
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
153 Bank of America
model, which estimates the fair value of the securities using internal credit risk, andinterest rate and prepayment risk models that incorporate management’s bestestimate of current key assumptions such as default rates, loss severity andprepayment rates. Principal and interest cash flows are discounted using anobservable discount rate for similar instruments with adjustments that managementbelieves a market participant would consider in determining fair value for the specificsecurity. Other instruments are valued using a net asset value approach thatconsiders the value of the underlying securities. Underlying assets are valued usingexternal pricing services, where available, or matrix pricing based on the vintages andratings. Situations of illiquidity generally are triggered by the market’s perception ofcredit uncertainty regarding a single company or a specific market sector. In theseinstances, fair value is determined based on limited available market information andother factors, principally from reviewing the issuer’s financial statements and changesin credit ratings made by one or more rating agencies.
Derivative Assets and LiabilitiesThe fair values of derivative assets and liabilities traded in the OTC market aredetermined using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs includinginterest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves andvolatility factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quotedand can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactionsand third-party pricing services. When third-party pricing services are used, themethods and assumptions are reviewed by the Corporation. Estimation risk is greaterfor derivative asset and liability positions that are either option-based or have longermaturity dates where observable market inputs are less readily available, or areunobservable, in which case, quantitative-based extrapolations of rate, price or indexscenarios are used in determining fair values. The fair values of derivative assets andliabilities include adjustments for market liquidity, counterparty credit quality and otherinstrument-specific factors, where appropriate. In addition, the Corporationincorporates within its fair value measurements of OTC derivatives a valuationadjustment to reflect the credit risk associated with the net position. Positions arenetted by counterparty, and fair value for net long exposures is adjusted forcounterparty credit risk while the fair value for net short exposures is adjusted for theCorporation’s own credit risk. The Corporation also incorporates FVA within its fairvalue measurements to include funding costs on uncollateralized derivatives andderivatives where the Corporation is not permitted to use the collateral it receives. Anestimate of severity of loss is also used in the determination of fair value, primarilybased on market data.
Loans and Loan CommitmentsThe fair values of loans and loan commitments are based on market prices, whereavailable, or discounted cash flow analyses using market-based credit spreads ofcomparable debt instruments or credit derivatives of the specific borrower orcomparable borrowers. Results of discounted cash flow analyses may be adjusted, asappropriate, to reflect other market conditions or the perceived credit risk of theborrower.
Mortgage Servicing RightsThe fair values of MSRs are primarily determined using an option-adjusted spreadvaluation approach, which factors in prepayment risk to determine the fair value ofMSRs. This approach consists of projecting servicing cash flows under multipleinterest rate scenarios and discounting these cash flows using risk-adjusted discountrates.
Loans Held-for-saleThe fair values of LHFS are based on quoted market prices, where available, or aredetermined by discounting estimated cash flows using interest rates approximating theCorporation’s current origination rates for similar loans adjusted to reflect the inherentcredit risk. The borrower-specific credit risk is embedded within the market prices,where available, or is implied by considering loan performance when selectingcomparables.
Short-term Borrowings and Long-term DebtThe Corporation issues structured liabilities that have coupons or repayment termslinked to the performance of debt or equity securities, interest rates, indices,currencies or commodities. The fair values of these structured liabilities are estimatedusing quantitative models for the combined derivative and debt portions of the notes.These models incorporate observable and, in some instances, unobservable inputsincluding security prices, interest rate yield curves, option volatility, currency,commodity or equity rates and correlations among these inputs. The Corporation alsoconsiders the impact of its own credit spread in determining the discount rate used tovalue these liabilities. The credit spread is determined by reference to observablespreads in the secondary bond market.
Securities Financing AgreementsThe fair values of certain reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreementsand securities borrowed transactions are determined using quantitative models,including discounted cash flow models that require the use of multiple market inputsincluding interest rates and spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing curves,and volatility factors. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can bevalidated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing services.
DepositsThe fair values of deposits are determined using quantitative models, includingdiscounted cash flow models that require the use of multiple market inputs includinginterest rates and spreads to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, and volatilityfactors. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validatedthrough external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-partypricing services. The Corporation considers the impact of its own credit spread in thevaluation of these liabilities. The credit risk is determined by reference to observablecredit spreads in the secondary cash market.
Asset-backed Secured FinancingsThe fair values of asset-backed secured financings are based on external broker bids,where available, or are determined by discounting estimated cash flows using interestrates approximating the Corporation’s current origination rates for similar loans,adjusted to reflect the inherent credit risk.
Bank of America 154
Recurring Fair ValueAssets and liabilities carried at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2025 and 2024, including financial instruments that the Corporation accounts for under the fairvalue option, are summarized in the following tables.
December 31, 2025
Fair Value Measurements
(Dollars in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting Adjustments Assets/Liabilities atFair Value
Assets
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments $ 1,242 $ — $ — $ — $ 1,242
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell — 672,313 — (486,822) 185,491
Trading account assets:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 83,234 3,036 — — 86,270
Corporate securities, trading loans and other — 59,456 1,922 — 61,378
Equity securities 77,225 39,110 322 — 116,657
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 5,745 41,014 240 — 46,999
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS:
U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed — 44,691 9 — 44,700
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS — 10,024 926 — 10,950
Total trading account assets 166,204 197,331 3,419 — 366,954
Derivative assets 18,469 269,936 3,802 (251,326) 40,881
AFS debt securities:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 249,025 809 — — 249,834
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency — 33,141 — — 33,141
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations — 19,199 — — 19,199
Non-agency residential — 263 9 — 272
Commercial — 38,472 22 — 38,494
Non-U.S. securities 235 31,488 44 — 31,767
Other taxable securities — 6,026 278 — 6,304
Tax-exempt securities — 7,787 — — 7,787
Total AFS debt securities 249,260 137,185 353 — 386,798
Other debt securities carried at fair value:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 3,285 — — — 3,285
Non-agency residential MBS — 123 125 — 248
Non-U.S. and other securities 664 11,980 — — 12,644
Total other debt securities carried at fair value 3,949 12,103 125 — 16,177
Loans and leases — 3,422 76 — 3,498
Loans held-for-sale — 2,216 55 — 2,271
Other assets 3,742 3,198 2,118 — 9,058
Total assets $ 442,866 $ 1,297,704 $ 9,948 $ (738,148) $ 1,012,370
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices $ — $ 1,223 $ — $ — $ 1,223
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements torepurchase — 709,889 — (486,822) 223,067
Trading account liabilities:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 8,174 5 — — 8,179
Equity securities 58,980 6,063 14 — 65,057
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 4,771 15,644 — — 20,415
Corporate securities and other — 12,214 119 — 12,333
Mortgage trading loans and ABS — 12 — — 12
Total trading account liabilities 71,925 33,938 133 — 105,996
Derivative liabilities 18,470 274,002 5,115 (255,511) 42,076
Short-term borrowings — 8,011 40 — 8,051
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 4,656 4,312 28 — 8,996
Long-term debt — 72,110 481 — 72,591
Total liabilities $ 95,051 $ 1,103,485 $ 5,797 $ (742,333) $ 462,000
Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.Includes securities with a fair value of $13.2 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading accountassets also includes certain commodities inventory of $27 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $946 million.Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.29 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.19 percent of total consolidated liabilities.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
155 Bank of America
December 31, 2024
Fair Value Measurements
(Dollars in millions) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting Adjustments Assets/Liabilities at FairValue
Assets
Time deposits placed and other short-term investments $ 1,318 $ — $ — $ — $ 1,318
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell — 521,878 — (377,377) 144,501
Trading account assets:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 66,582 3,940 — — 70,522
Corporate securities, trading loans and other — 43,222 1,814 — 45,036
Equity securities 66,783 36,450 374 — 103,607
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 3,017 36,763 344 — 40,124
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS:
U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed — 43,850 5 — 43,855
Mortgage trading loans, ABS and other MBS — 10,343 973 — 11,316
Total trading account assets 136,382 174,568 3,510 — 314,460
Derivative assets 14,626 289,940 3,562 (267,180) 40,948
AFS debt securities:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 233,671 908 — — 234,579
Mortgage-backed securities:
Agency — 31,202 — — 31,202
Agency-collateralized mortgage obligations — 19,318 — — 19,318
Non-agency residential — 38 247 — 285
Commercial — 25,274 328 — 25,602
Non-U.S. securities 75 22,320 36 — 22,431
Other taxable securities — 4,603 — — 4,603
Tax-exempt securities — 8,412 — — 8,412
Total AFS debt securities 233,746 112,075 611 — 346,432
Other debt securities carried at fair value:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 3,885 — — — 3,885
Non-agency residential MBS — 101 149 — 250
Non-U.S. and other securities 854 7,186 — — 8,040
Total other debt securities carried at fair value 4,739 7,287 149 — 12,175
Loans and leases — 4,167 82 — 4,249
Loans held-for-sale — 2,082 132 — 2,214
Other assets 8,279 2,928 1,969 — 13,176
Total assets $ 399,090 $ 1,114,925 $ 10,015 $ (644,557) $ 879,473
Liabilities
Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices $ — $ 310 $ — $ — $ 310
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements torepurchase — 570,236 — (377,377) 192,859
Trading account liabilities:
U.S. Treasury and government agencies 16,408 195 — — 16,603
Equity securities 40,066 4,843 10 — 44,919
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 2,727 17,279 — — 20,006
Corporate securities and other — 10,871 110 — 10,981
Mortgage trading loans and ABS — 34 — — 34
Total trading account liabilities 59,201 33,222 120 — 92,543
Derivative liabilities 15,354 284,810 5,523 (266,334) 39,353
Short-term borrowings — 6,245 — — 6,245
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 9,113 3,997 89 — 13,199
Long-term debt — 49,452 553 — 50,005
Total liabilities $ 83,668 $ 948,272 $ 6,285 $ (643,711) $ 394,514
Amounts represent the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and also cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties.Includes securities with a fair value of $18.3 billion that were segregated in compliance with securities regulations or deposited with clearing organizations. This amount is included in the parenthetical disclosure on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Trading accountassets also includes certain commodities inventory of $99 million that is accounted for at the lower of cost or net realizable value, which is the current selling price less any costs to sell.Includes MSRs, which are classified as Level 3 assets, of $972 million.Total recurring Level 3 assets were 0.31 percent of total consolidated assets, and total recurring Level 3 liabilities were 0.21 percent of total consolidated liabilities.
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 156
The following tables present a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities measuredat fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during2025, 2024 and 2023, including net realized and unrealized gains (losses) included inearnings and accumulated OCI. Transfers into Level 3 occur primarily due todecreased price observability, and
transfers out of Level 3 occur primarily due to increased price observability. Transfersoccur on a regular basis for long-term debt instruments due to changes in the impactof unobservable inputs on the value of the embedded derivative in relation to theinstrument as a whole.
Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements
BalanceJanuary 1
TotalRealized/UnrealizedGains (Losses) inNet Income
Gains(Losses)in OCI
Gross GrossTransfersintoLevel 3
GrossTransfersout ofLevel 3 Balance December31
Change inUnrealized Gains(Losses) in NetIncome Relatedto FinancialInstruments StillHeld
(Dollars in millions)
PurchasesSales IssuancesSettlements
Year Ended December 31, 2025
Trading account assets:
Corporate securities, trading loans and other $ 1,814 $ 185 $ 3 $ 1,849 $ (1,093)$ 40 $ (1,114)$ 690 $ (452)$ 1,922 $ (88)
Equity securities 374 4 — 187 (57) — (105) 156 (237) 322 (13)
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 344 87 23 36 — — (226) — (24) 240 62
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 978 (128) — 283 (283) — (189) 435 (161) 935 (126)
Total trading account assets 3,510 148 26 2,355 (1,433) 40 (1,634) 1,281 (874) 3,419 (165)
Net derivative assets (liabilities) (1,961) 632 — 1,315 (1,859) — 191 (422) 791 (1,313) (130)
AFS debt securities:
Non-agency residential MBS 247 1 — — — — — 6 (245) 9 1
Commercial MBS 328 (2) 4 258 — — (114) — (452) 22 (3)
Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 36 (1) (3) 677 (1) — (3) 125 (508) 322 (1)
Total AFS debt securities 611 (2) 1 935 (1) — (117) 131 (1,205) 353 (3)
Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non-agency residentialMBS 149 6 — — — — 2 85 (117) 125 (39)
Loans and leases 82 2 — 2 — 24 (78) 44 — 76 2
Loans held-for-sale 132 29 3 1 (14) — (70) — (26) 55 (13)
Other assets 1,969 (163) 28 505 — 154 (375) — — 2,118 (207)
Trading account liabilities – Equity securities (10) (1) — 4 (3) — — (7) 3 (14) (1)
Trading account liabilities – Corporate securities and other (110) 4 — — (15) (2) 21 (18) 1 (119) 11
Short-term borrowings — — — — — (42) 2 — — (40) —
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (89) (106) — 172 — — (1) (4) — (28) (53)
Long-term debt (553) (11) (5) — — — 133 (45) — (481) (6)
Year Ended December 31, 2024
Trading account assets:
Corporate securities, trading loans and other $ 1,689 $ 87 $ (6)$ 1,128 $ (913)$ 44 $ (1,158)$ 1,125 $ (182)$ 1,814 $ 324
Equity securities 187 50 — 255 (65) — (62) 62 (53) 374 (12)
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 396 (1) (57) 82 (16) — (79) 19 — 344 —
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 1,217 (151) — 420 (617) — (63) 369 (197) 978 (172)
Total trading account assets 3,489 (15) (63) 1,885 (1,611) 44 (1,362) 1,575 (432) 3,510 140
Net derivative assets (liabilities) (2,494) 1,035 — 1,104 (1,338) — (576) (696) 1,004 (1,961) (132)
AFS debt securities:
Non-agency residential MBS 273 8 57 — — — (152) 191 (130) 247 6
Commercial MBS — (8) 1 338 — — (3) — — 328 (8)
Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 103 (1) — — — — (66) 7 (7) 36 1
Total AFS debt securities 376 (1) 58 338 — — (221) 198 (137) 611 (1)
Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non-agency residentialMBS 69 5 — — — — (27) 118 (16) 149 (1)
Loans and leases 93 1 — — — 1 (13) — — 82 —
Loans held-for-sale 164 (6) (7) 25 — 1 (45) — — 132 (15)
Other assets 1,657 279 (52) 272 (6) 139 (321) 1 — 1,969 47
Trading account liabilities – Equity securities (12) 9 — — (4) — 7 (21) 11 (10) 6
Trading account liabilities – Corporate securities and other (39) (55) — (7) (15) (3) 26 (17) — (110) (69)
Short-term borrowings (10) 1 — — — (9) 18 — — — —
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (21) (234) — 165 — — 1 — — (89) (224)
Long-term debt (614) 64 (25) — — — 23 (1) — (553) 65
Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - market making and similar activities and other income; Net derivative assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and otherincome; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - other income; Loans held-for-sale - market making and similar activities and other income; Other assets - market making and similar activitiesand other income; Short-term borrowings - market making and similar activities; Accrued expenses and other liabilities - other income; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.Includes unrealized gains (losses) in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments, derivatives designated in cash flow hedges and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fairvalue option. Amounts include net unrealized gains (losses) of $50 million and $(104) million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $3.8 billion and $3.6 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.1 billion and $5.5 billion at December 31, 2025 and 2024.Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.
(1)
(2) (3) (2)
(4)
(5,6)
(5,6)
(6,7)
(5)
(5)
(5)
(4)
(5,6)
(5,6)
(6,7)
(5)
(5)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
157 Bank of America
Level 3 – Fair Value Measurements
(Dollars in millions)
BalanceJanuary 1
TotalRealized/UnrealizedGains (Losses) inNet Income
Gains(Losses)in OCI
Gross
GrossTransfersintoLevel 3
GrossTransfersout ofLevel 3 BalanceDecember 31
Change inUnrealized Gains(Losses) in NetIncome Relatedto FinancialInstruments StillHeld PurchasesSales IssuancesSettlements
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchasedunder agreements to resell $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 7 $ (7)$ — $ —
Trading account assets:
Corporate securities, trading loans and other 2,384 144 2 453 (241) 20 (1,029) 385 (429) 1,689 50
Equity securities 145 44 — 39 (52) — (61) 153 (81) 187 (5)
Non-U.S. sovereign debt 518 68 30 64 (23) — (259) — (2) 396 70
Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 1,552 (50) — 263 (417) — (241) 436 (326) 1,217 (71)
Total trading account assets 4,599 206 32 819 (733) 20 (1,590) 974 (838) 3,489 44
Net derivative assets (liabilities) (2,893) 179 (375) 1,318 (1,281) — (1,575) (8) 2,141 (2,494) (857)
AFS debt securities:
Non-agency residential MBS 258 1 23 — — — (9) — — 273 2
Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 195 10 7 — — — (106) 4 (7) 103 2
Tax-exempt securities 51 1 — — — — (52) — — — —
Total AFS debt securities 504 12 30 — — — (167) 4 (7) 376 4
Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agencyresidential MBS 119 (4) — — (19) — (6) — (21) 69 (3)
Loans and leases 253 (9) — 9 (54) — (100) 16 (22) 93 (13)
Loans held-for-sale 232 24 3 — (25) — (70) — — 164 13
Other assets 1,799 211 10 176 (326) 104 (319) 2 — 1,657 74
Trading account liabilities – Equity securities — 1 — — — — 2 (15) — (12) 1
Trading account liabilities – Corporate securities and other (58) (3) — (3) (1) (1) 24 (35) 38 (39) (9)
Short-term borrowings (14) 1 — — (13) (8) 24 — — (10) (1)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (32) 21 — (11) — — — — 1 (21) 4
Long-term debt (862) 179 (26) (9) 50 — 47 — 7 (614) 183
Assets (liabilities). For assets, increase (decrease) to Level 3 and for liabilities, (increase) decrease to Level 3.Includes gains (losses) reported in earnings in the following income statement line items: Trading account assets/liabilities - predominantly market making and similar activities; Net derivative assets (liabilities) - market making and similar activities and otherincome; AFS debt securities - other income; Other debt securities carried at fair value - other income; Loans and leases - market making and similar activities and other income; Loans held-for-sale - other income; Other assets - market making and similar activitiesand other income primarily related to MSRs; Long-term debt - market making and similar activities.Includes unrealized losses in OCI on AFS debt securities, foreign currency translation adjustments and the impact of changes in the Corporation’s credit spreads on long-term debt accounted for under the fair value option. Amounts include net unrealized losses of$324 million related to financial instruments still held at December 31, 2023.Net derivative assets (liabilities) include derivative assets of $3.4 billion and derivative liabilities of $5.9 billion.Amounts represent instruments that are accounted for under the fair value option.Issuances represent loan originations and MSRs recognized following securitizations or whole-loan sales.Settlements primarily represent the net change in fair value of the MSR asset due to the recognition of modeled cash flows and the passage of time.
(1)
(2) (3) (2)
(4)
(5,6)
(5,6)
(6,7)
(5)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
(6)
(7)
Bank of America 158
The following tables present information about significant unobservable inputs related to the Corporation’s material categories of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024.
Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2025
(Dollars in millions) Inputs
Financial Instrument FairValue ValuationTechnique Significant UnobservableInputs Ranges ofInputs Weighted Average
Loans and Securities
Instruments backed by residential real estate assets $ 327
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Yield 0% to 15% 8%
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 120 Prepayment speed 0% to 40% CPR 7% CPR
Loans and leases 73 Default rate 0% to 7% CDR 7% CDR
AFS debt securities – Non-agency residential 9 Price $0 to $115 $53
Other debt securities carried at fair value – Non-agency residential 125 Loss severity 0% to 81% 27%
Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets $ 373
Discounted cashflow, Asset-based approach
Yield 0% to 5% 2%
Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other304 Price $0 to $100 $42
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 47
AFS debt securities – Commercial 22
Commercial loans, debt securities and other $ 3,006
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Yield 4% to 24% 13%
Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other1,618 Prepayment speed 20% n/a
Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt 240 Default rate 2% n/a
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 768 Loss severity 30% n/a
AFS debt securities – Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 322 Price $0 to $137 $67
Loans and leases 3
Loans held-for-sale 55
Other assets, primarily MSRs and tax-related equity investments$ 2,118
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Price $10 to $95 $84
Yield 8% to 11% 9%
Weighted-average life, fixed rate 0 to 14 years 6 years
Weighted-average life, variable rate 0 to 11 years 4 years
Option-adjusted spread, fixed rate 7% to 14% 9%
Option-adjusted spread, variable rate 9% to 15% 12%
Structured liabilities
Long-term debt $ (481)
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Yield 15% to 22% 20%
Price $29 to $101 $93
Natural gas forward price $2/MMBtu to $6/MMBtu $3 /MMBtu
Net derivative assets (liabilities)
Credit derivatives $ (3) Market comparables,Discounted cash flow,Stochastic recoverycorrelation model
Credit spreads 5 to 245 bps 36 bps
Default rate 2% CDR n/a
Credit correlation 40% to 74% 67%
Price $0 to $111 $106
Equity derivatives $ (1,018) Industry standard derivativepricing
Equity correlation 0% to 100% 68%
Long-dated equity volatilities 0% to 104% 37%
Commodity derivatives $ (664) Discounted cashflow
Natural gas forward price $2/MMBtu to $6/MMBtu $3/MMBtu
Commodities volatilities 49% to 53% 51%
Power forward price $29 to $134 $56
Interest rate derivatives $ 372
Industry standard derivativepricing
Correlation (IR/IR) (35)% to 70% 45%
Correlation (FX/IR) (5)% to 58% 26%
Long-dated inflation rates (1)% to 20% 2%
Long-dated inflation volatilities 5% n/a
Interest rate volatilities (1)% to 1% 0%
Total net derivative assets (liabilities) $ (1,313)
For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 155: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $1.9billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $240 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $935 million, AFS debt securities of $353 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of$125 million, Other assets of $2.1 billion, Loans and leases of $76 million and LHFS of $55 million.Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.CPR = Constant Prepayment RateCDR = Constant Default RateMMBtu = Million British thermal unitsIR = Interest RateFX = Foreign Exchangen/a = not applicable
(1)
(2)
(5)
(5)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
159 Bank of America
Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2024
(Dollars in millions) Inputs
Financial Instrument FairValue ValuationTechnique Significant UnobservableInputs Ranges ofInputs Weighted Average
Loans and Securities
Instruments backed by residential real estate assets $ 636
Discounted cashflow, Market comparables
Yield 0% to 20% 9%
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 163 Prepayment speed 0% to 43% CPR 8% CPR
Loans and leases 77 Default rate 0% to 6% CDR 6% CDR
AFS debt securities - Non-agency residential 247 Price $0 to $115 $74
Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential 149 Loss severity 0% to 76% 24%
Instruments backed by commercial real estate assets $ 555
Discounted cashflow
Yield 1% n/a
Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other185 Price $0 to $103 $84
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 42
AFS debt securities – Commercial 328
Commercial loans, debt securities and other $ 2,919
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Yield 4% to 37% 17%
Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other1,629 Prepayment speed 20% n/a
Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt 344 Default rate 2% n/a
Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS 773 Loss severity 30% n/a
AFS debt securities – Non-U.S. and other taxable securities 36 Price $0 to $135 $69
Loans and leases 5
Loans held-for-sale 132
Other assets, primarily MSRs and tax-related equity investments$ 1,969
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Price $10 to $95 $86
Yield 8% to 11% 9 %
Weighted-average life, fixed rate 0 to 13 years 6 years
Weighted-average life, variable rate 0 to 12 years 3 years
Option-adjusted spread, fixed rate 7% to 14% 9%
Option-adjusted spread, variable rate 9% to 15% 11%
Structured liabilities
Long-term debt $ (553)
Discounted cash flow, Marketcomparables
Yield 18% to 22% 21%
Price $32 to $100 $91
Natural gas forward price $2/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu $4/MMBtu
Net derivative assets (liabilities)
Credit derivatives $ (6)
Discounted cash flow,Stochastic recoverycorrelation model
Credit spreads 3 to 298 bps 63 bps
Prepayment speed 15% CPR n/a
Default rate 2% CDR n/a
Credit correlation 29% to 63% 49%
Price $0 to $99 $94
Equity derivatives $ (869) Industry standard derivativepricing
Equity correlation 0% to 100% 59%
Long-dated equity volatilities 1% to 87% 33%
Commodity derivatives $ (740) Discounted cashflow
Natural gas forward price $2/MMBtu to $7/MMBtu $4/MMBtu
Power forward price $22 to $104 $48
Interest rate derivatives $ (346)
Industry standard derivativepricing
Correlation (IR/IR) (35)% to 70% 50%
Correlation (FX/IR) (25)% to 58% 27%
Long-dated inflation rates G(1)% to 21% 3%
Long-dated inflation volatilities 0% to 5% 3%
Interest rates volatilities (1)% to 1% 0%
Total net derivative assets (liabilities) $ (1,961)
For loans and securities, structured liabilities and net derivative assets (liabilities), the weighted average is calculated based upon the absolute fair value of the instruments.The categories are aggregated based upon product type, which differs from financial statement classification. The following is a reconciliation to the line items in the table on page 156: Trading account assets – Corporate securities, trading loans and other of $1.8billion, Trading account assets – Non-U.S. sovereign debt of $344 million, Trading account assets – Mortgage trading loans, MBS and ABS of $978 million, AFS debt securities of $611 million, Other debt securities carried at fair value - Non-agency residential of$149 million, Other assets of $2.0 billion, Loans and leases of $82 million and LHFS of $132 million.Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation and Black-Scholes.Includes models such as Monte Carlo simulation, Black-Scholes and other methods that model the joint dynamics of interest, inflation and foreign exchange rates.The weighted-average life is a product of changes in market rates of interest, prepayment rates and other model and cash flow assumptions.CPR = Constant Prepayment RateCDR = Constant Default RateMMBtu = Million British thermal unitsIR = Interest RateFX = Foreign Exchangen/a = not applicable
(1)
(2)
(5)
(5)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(5)
Bank of America 160
In the previous tables, instruments backed by residential and commercial real estateassets include RMBS, commercial MBS, whole loans and mortgage CDOs.Commercial loans, debt securities and other include corporate CLOs and CDOs,commercial loans and bonds, and securities backed by non-real estate assets.Structured liabilities primarily include equity-linked notes that are accounted for underthe fair value option.The Corporation uses multiple market approaches in valuing certain of its Level 3financial instruments. For example, market comparables and discounted cash flowsare used together. For a given product, such as corporate debt securities, marketcomparables may be used to estimate some of the unobservable inputs, and thenthese inputs are incorporated into a discounted cash flow model. Therefore, thebalances disclosed encompass both of these techniques.The levels of aggregation and diversity within the products disclosed in the tablesresult in certain ranges of inputs being wide and unevenly distributed across asset andliability categories.
Uncertainty of Fair Value Measurements from UnobservableInputs
Loans and SecuritiesA significant increase in market yields, default rates, loss severities or duration wouldhave resulted in a significantly lower fair value for long positions. Short positionswould have been impacted in a directionally opposite way. The impact of changes inprepayment speeds would have resulted in differing impacts depending on theseniority of the instrument and, in the case of CLOs, whether prepayments can bereinvested. A significant increase in price would have resulted in a significantly higherfair value for long positions, and short positions would have been impacted in adirectionally opposite way.
Structured Liabilities and DerivativesFor credit derivatives, a significant increase in market yield, upfront points (i.e., asingle upfront payment made by a
protection buyer at inception), credit spreads, default rates or loss severities wouldhave resulted in a significantly lower fair value for protection sellers and higher fairvalue for protection buyers. The impact of changes in prepayment speeds would haveresulted in differing impacts depending on the seniority of the instrument.Structured credit derivatives are impacted by credit correlation. Default correlationis a parameter that describes the degree of dependence among credit default rateswithin a credit portfolio that underlies a credit derivative instrument. The sensitivity ofthis input on the fair value varies depending on the level of subordination of thetranche. For senior tranches that are net purchases of protection, a significantincrease in default correlation would have resulted in a significantly higher fair value.Net short protection positions would have been impacted in a directionally oppositeway.For equity derivatives, commodity derivatives, interest rate derivatives andstructured liabilities, a significant change in long-dated rates and volatilities andcorrelation inputs (i.e., the degree of correlation between an equity security and anindex, between two different commodities, between two different interest rates, orbetween interest rates and foreign exchange rates) would have resulted in asignificant impact to the fair value; however, the magnitude and direction of the impactdepend on whether the Corporation is long or short the exposure. For structuredliabilities, a significant increase in yield or decrease in price would have resulted in asignificantly lower fair value.
Nonrecurring Fair ValueThe Corporation holds certain assets that are measured at fair value only in certainsituations (e.g., the impairment of an asset), and these measurements are referred toherein as nonrecurring. The amounts below represent assets still held as of thereporting date for which a nonrecurring fair value adjustment was recorded during2025, 2024 and 2023.
Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
(Dollars in millions) Level 2 Level 3 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Loans held-for-sale $ 171 $ 63 $ 63 $ 2,652
Loans and leases — 112 — 119
Foreclosed properties — 58 — 93
Gains (Losses)
2025 2024 2023
Assets
Loans held-for-sale $ 32 $ (211) $ (246)
Loans and leases (32) (29) (45)
Foreclosed properties 4 (44) (6)
The Level 3 balance at December 31, 2024 includes certain leveraged finance positions that were written down to fair value during 2024 and subsequently written up and sold during 2025.Includes $7 million, $8 million, and $10 million of losses on loans that were written down to a collateral value of zero during 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.Amounts are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and represent the carrying value of foreclosed properties that were written down subsequent to their initial classification as foreclosed properties. Losses on foreclosed properties includelosses recorded during the first 90 days after transfer of a loan to foreclosed properties.Excludes $17 million and $16 million of properties acquired upon foreclosure of certain government-guaranteed loans (principally FHA-insured loans) at December 31, 2025 and 2024.
(1)
(2)
(3, 4)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
161 Bank of America
The table below presents information about significant unobservable inputs utilized in the Corporation's nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2025and 2024.
Quantitative Information about Nonrecurring Level 3 Fair Value Measurements
Inputs
Financial Instrument Fair Value ValuationTechnique Significant UnobservableInputs Ranges ofInputs WeightedAverage
(Dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025
Loans and leases $ 112 Market comparables OREO discount 14% to 65% 27%
Costs to sell 8% to 10% 9 %
Year Ended December 31, 2024
Loans held-for-sale $ 2,652 Pricing model Implied yield 9% to 28% n/a
Loans and leases 119 Market comparables OREO discount 10% to 66% 26%
Costs to sell 8% to 24% 9 %
The weighted average is calculated based upon the fair value of the loans.Represents residential mortgages where the loan has been written down to the fair value of the underlying collateral.
NOTE 21 Fair Value OptionLoans and Loan CommitmentsThe Corporation elects to account for certain loans and loan commitments that exceedthe Corporation’s single-name credit risk concentration guidelines under the fair valueoption. Lending commitments are actively managed and, as appropriate, credit risk forthese lending relationships may be mitigated through the use of credit derivatives, withthe Corporation’s public side credit view and market perspectives determining the sizeand timing of the hedging activity. These credit derivatives do not meet therequirements for designation as accounting hedges and are carried at fair value. Thefair value option allows the Corporation to carry these loans and loan commitments atfair value, which is more consistent with management’s view of the underlyingeconomics and the manner in which they are managed. In addition, the fair valueoption allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwiseresult from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments athistorical cost and the credit derivatives at fair value.
Loans Held-for-saleThe Corporation elects to account for residential mortgage LHFS, commercialmortgage LHFS and certain other LHFS under the fair value option. These loans areactively managed and monitored and, as appropriate, certain market risks of the loansmay be mitigated through the use of derivatives. The Corporation has elected not todesignate the derivatives as qualifying accounting hedges, and therefore, they arecarried at fair value. The changes in fair value of the loans are largely offset bychanges in the fair value of the derivatives. The fair value option allows theCorporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwise result from theasymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments at the lower of cost orfair value and the derivatives at fair value. The Corporation has not elected to accountfor certain other LHFS under the fair value option primarily because these loans arefloating-rate loans that are not hedged using derivative instruments.
Loans Reported as Trading Account AssetsThe Corporation elects to account for certain loans that are held for the purpose oftrading and are risk-managed on a fair value basis under the fair value option.
Other AssetsThe Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate margin loans thatare hedged with derivatives under the fair value option. Election of the fair valueoption allows the Corporation to reduce the accounting volatility that would otherwiseresult from the asymmetry created by accounting for the financial instruments athistorical cost and the derivatives at fair value.
Securities Financing AgreementsThe Corporation elects to account for certain securities financing agreements,including resale and repurchase agreements, under the fair value option. Theseelections include certain agreements collateralized by the U.S. government and itsagencies, which are generally short-dated and have minimal interest rate risk.
Long-term DepositsThe Corporation elects to account for certain long-term fixed-rate and rate-linkeddeposits that are hedged with derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting.Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce the accountingvolatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created by accounting for thefinancial instruments at historical cost and the derivatives at fair value. TheCorporation has not elected to carry other long-term deposits at fair value becausethey are not hedged using derivatives.
Short-term BorrowingsThe Corporation elects to account for certain short-term borrowings, primarily short-term structured liabilities, under the fair value option because this debt is risk-managed on a fair value basis.
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(2)
Bank of America 162
The Corporation also elects to account for certain asset-backed securedfinancings, which are also classified in short-term borrowings, under the fair valueoption. Election of the fair value option allows the Corporation to reduce theaccounting volatility that would otherwise result from the asymmetry created byaccounting for the asset-backed secured financings at historical cost and thecorresponding mortgage LHFS securing these financings at fair value.
Long-term DebtThe Corporation elects to account for certain long-term debt, primarily structuredliabilities, under the fair value option. This long-term debt is either risk-managed on afair value basis or the related hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting.
Fair Value Option ElectionsThe following tables provide information about the fair value carrying amount and thecontractual principal outstanding of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fairvalue option at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and information about where changesin the fair value of assets and liabilities accounted for under the fair value option areincluded in the Consolidated Statement of Income for 2025, 2024 and 2023.
Fair Value Option Elections
December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024
(Dollars in millions)
Fair Value Carrying Amount
Contractual Principal Outstanding
Fair ValueCarryingAmount Less Unpaid Principal
Fair ValueCarryingAmount
Contractual Principal Outstanding
Fair ValueCarrying Amount Less Unpaid Principal
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased underagreements to resell $ 185,491 $ 185,324 $ 167 $ 144,501 $ 144,449 $ 52
Loans reported as trading account assets 10,230 24,475 (14,245) 11,615 24,461 (12,846)
Trading inventory – other 16,791 n/a n/a 15,369 n/a n/a
Consumer and commercial loans 3,498 3,594 (96) 4,249 4,292 (43)
Loans held-for-sale 2,271 2,868 (597) 2,214 2,824 (610)
Other assets 4,054 n/a n/a 2,732 n/a n/a
Long-term deposits 1,223 1,385 (162) 310 386 (76)
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold underagreements to repurchase 223,067 223,087 (20) 192,859 192,877 (18)
Short-term borrowings 8,051 8,046 5 6,245 6,247 (2)
Unfunded loan commitments 67 n/a n/a 144 n/a n/a
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 3,767 3,628 139 2,642 2,414 228
Long-term debt 72,591 76,534 (3,943) 50,005 54,257 (4,252)
A significant portion of the loans reported as trading account assets and LHFS are distressed loans that were purchased at a deep discount to par, and the remainder are loans with a fair value near contractual principal outstanding.n/a = not applicable
(1)
(1)
(1)
163 Bank of America
Gains (Losses) Related to Assets and Liabilities Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option
Market making and similar activities OtherIncome Total
(Dollars in millions) 2025
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell $ 604 $ (5) $ 599
Loans reported as trading account assets 423 8 431
Trading inventory – other 1,486 — 1,486
Consumer and commercial loans 154 7 161
Loans held-for-sale — 83 83
Short-term borrowings 43 — 43
Unfunded loan commitments — (19) (19)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities (515) (56) (571)
Long-term debt (883) (28) (911)
Other (415) (340) (755)
Total $ 897 $ (350) $ 547
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell $ 327 $ (8) $ 319
Loans reported as trading account assets (30) 40 10
Trading inventory – other 2,965 — 2,965
Consumer and commercial loans 93 20 113
Loans held-for-sale — (30) (30)
Short-term borrowings 199 — 199
Unfunded loan commitments — (13) (13)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 378 — 378
Long-term debt 582 (32) 550
Other (286) (21) (307)
Total $ 4,228 $ (44) $ 4,184
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell $ 74 $ (14) $ 60
Loans reported as trading account assets 251 — 251
Trading inventory – other 5,121 — 5,121
Consumer and commercial loans (174) 67 (107)
Loans held-for-sale — 22 22
Short-term borrowings 7 — 7
Unfunded loan commitments (1) 39 38
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 609 — 609
Long-term debt (1,143) (35) (1,178)
Other 19 (9) 10
Total $ 4,763 $ 70 $ 4,833
The gains (losses) in market making and similar activities are primarily offset by (losses) gains on trading liabilities that hedge these assets. Includes the value of IRLCs on funded loans, including those sold during the period. The net gains (losses) in market making and similar activities relate to the embedded derivatives in structured liabilities and are typically offset by (losses) gains on derivatives and securities that hedge these liabilities. For the cumulative impact of changes in theCorporation’s own credit spreads and the amount recognized in accumulated OCI, see Note 14 – Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). For more information on how the Corporation’s own credit spread is determined, see Note 20 – Fair ValueMeasurements. Includes gains (losses) on other assets, long-term deposits and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase.
Gains (Losses) Related to Borrower-specific Credit Risk for Assets and Liabilities Accounted for Under the Fair Value Option
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Loans reported as trading account assets $ 23 $ (38) $ (3)
Consumer and commercial loans 9 18 44
Loans held-for-sale — (8) (15)
Unfunded loan commitments (19) (13) 39
Long-term debt — (3) —
NOTE 22 Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsFinancial instruments are classified within the fair value hierarchy using themethodologies described in Note 20 – Fair Value Measurements. Certain loans,deposits, long-term debt, unfunded lending commitments and other financialinstruments are accounted for under the fair value option. For more information, seeNote 21 – Fair Value Option. The following disclosures include financial instrumentsthat are not carried at fair value or only a portion of the ending balance is carried atfair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Short-term Financial InstrumentsThe carrying value of short-term financial instruments, including cash and cashequivalents, certain time deposits placed and other short-term investments, federalfunds sold and purchased, certain resale and repurchase agreements and short-termborrowings, approximates the fair value of these instruments. These financialinstruments generally expose the Corporation to limited credit risk and have no statedmaturities or have short-term maturities and carry interest rates that approximate
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 164
market. The Corporation accounts for certain resale and repurchase agreementsunder the fair value option.Under the fair value hierarchy, cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1.Time deposits placed and other short-term investments, such as U.S. governmentsecurities and short-term commercial paper, are classified as Level 1 or Level 2.Federal funds sold and purchased are classified as Level 2. Resale and repurchaseagreements are classified as Level 2 because they are generally short-dated and/orvariable-rate instruments collateralized by U.S. government or agency securities.Short-term borrowings are generally classified as Level 2.
Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsThe carrying values and fair values by fair value hierarchy of certain financialinstruments where only a portion of the ending balance was carried at fair value atDecember 31, 2025 and 2024 are presented in the table below.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Fair Value
Carrying Value Level 2 Level 3 Total
(Dollars in millions) December 31, 2025
Financial assets
Loans $ 1,149,093 $ 51,136 $ 1,085,303 $ 1,136,439
Loans held-for-sale 5,165 4,720 445 5,165
Financial liabilities
Deposits 2,018,729 2,020,072 — 2,020,072
Long-term debt 317,816 323,681 725 324,406
Commercial unfundedlending commitments 1,244 67 6,673 6,740
December 31, 2024
Financial assets
Loans $ 1,060,629 $ 50,971 $ 992,135 $ 1,043,106
Loans held-for-sale 9,545 6,707 2,838 9,545
Financial liabilities
Deposits 1,965,467 1,967,061 — 1,967,061
Long-term debt 283,279 287,098 652 287,750
Commercial unfundedlending commitments 1,240 55 3,639 3,694
Includes demand deposits of $1.1 trillion and $892.9 billion with no stated maturities at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The carrying value of commercial unfunded lending commitments is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on theConsolidated Balance Sheet. The Corporation does not estimate the fair value of consumer unfunded lending commitmentsbecause, in many instances, the Corporation can reduce or cancel these commitments by providing notice to the borrower.For more information on commitments, see Note 12 – Commitments and Contingencies.
NOTE 23 Business Segment InformationThe Corporation reports its results of operations through the following four businesssegments: Consumer Banking, GWIM, Global Banking and Global Markets, with theremaining operations recorded in All Other. The segments are managed by theCorporation’s Management Team, with certain leaders responsible for each segmentand/or the lines of business supporting the segments. On a continual basis, theManagement Team assesses the performance of the segments by comparing thesegments’ budgeted income and expenses to their actual results. The Chief OperatingDecision Maker of the segments, which is the Corporation’s CEO, is the final approveron the amount of capital to allocate to each segment.
Consumer BankingConsumer Banking offers a diversified range of credit, banking and investmentproducts and services to consumers and small businesses. Consumer Bankingproduct offerings include traditional savings accounts, money market savingsaccounts, CDs and IRAs, checking accounts, and investment accounts and products,as well as credit and debit cards, residential mortgages and home equity loans, anddirect and indirect loans to consumers and small businesses in the U.S. ConsumerBanking includes the impact of servicing residential mortgages and home equityloans.
Global Wealth & Investment ManagementGWIM provides a high-touch client experience through a network of financial advisorsfocused on clients with over $250,000 in total investable assets, including tailoredsolutions to meet clients’ needs through a full set of investment management,brokerage, banking and retirement products. GWIM also provides comprehensivewealth management solutions targeted to high net worth and ultra high net worthclients, as well as customized solutions to meet clients’ wealth structuring, investmentmanagement, trust and banking needs, including specialty asset managementservices.
Global BankingGlobal Banking provides a wide range of lending-related products and services,integrated working capital management and treasury solutions, and underwriting andadvisory services through the Corporation’s network of offices and client relationshipteams. Global Banking also provides investment banking products to clients. Theeconomics of certain investment banking and underwriting activities are sharedprimarily between Global Banking and Global Markets under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement. Global Banking clients generally include middle-marketcompanies, commercial real estate firms, not-for-profit companies, large globalcorporations, financial institutions, leasing clients, and mid-sized U.S.-basedbusinesses requiring customized and integrated financial advice and solutions.
Global MarketsGlobal Markets offers sales and trading services and research services to institutionalclients across fixed-income, credit, currency, commodity and equity businesses.Global Markets provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement andcustody services globally to institutional investor clients in support of their investingand trading activities. Global Markets product coverage includes securities andderivative products in both the primary and secondary markets. Global Markets alsoworks with commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management products. Asa result of market-making activities, Global Markets may be required to manage risk ina broad range of financial products. In addition, the economics of certain investmentbanking and underwriting activities are shared primarily between Global Markets andGlobal Banking under an internal revenue-sharing arrangement.
All OtherAll Other primarily consists of ALM activities, liquidating businesses and certainexpenses not otherwise allocated to a business segment, and adjustments to allocateincome tax benefits related to tax-related equity investments to noninterest income topresent Global Banking and Global Markets on an FTE basis.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
165 Bank of America
Basis of PresentationThe management accounting and reporting process derives segment and businessresults by utilizing allocation methodologies for revenue and expense. The net incomederived for the businesses is dependent upon revenue and cost allocations based onapplication usage, transaction and volume activity, time studies, and othermethodologies and assumptions management believes are appropriate to reflect theresults of the business.Total revenue, net of interest expense, includes net interest income on an FTEbasis and noninterest income. The adjustment of net interest income to an FTE basisresults in a corresponding increase in income tax expense. The segment results alsoreflect certain revenue and expense methodologies that are utilized to determine netincome. The net interest income of the businesses includes the results of a fundstransfer pricing process that matches assets and liabilities with similar interest ratesensitivity and maturity characteristics. In segments where the total of liabilities andequity exceeds assets, which are generally deposit-taking segments, the Corporationallocates assets to match liabilities. Net interest income of the business segments alsoincludes an allocation of net interest income generated by certain of the Corporation’sALM activities.The Corporation’s ALM activities include an overall interest rate risk managementstrategy that incorporates the use of
various derivatives and cash instruments to manage fluctuations in earnings andcapital that are caused by interest rate volatility. The Corporation’s goal is to manageinterest rate sensitivity so that movements in interest rates do not adversely affectearnings and capital. The results of a majority of the Corporation’s ALM activities areallocated to the business segments and fluctuate based on the performance of theALM activities. ALM activities include external product pricing decisions includingdeposit pricing strategies, the effects of the Corporation’s internal funds transferpricing process and the net effects of other ALM activities.The segment noninterest expenses consist of the same expenses as those shownin the Consolidated Statement of Income and contain both direct expenses andcertain expenses not directly attributable to a specific business segment, includingindirect compensation and benefits expenses, that are allocated to the segments. Thecosts of certain centralized or shared functions are allocated based on methodologiesthat reflect utilization.The following table presents net income (loss) and the components thereto (withnet interest income on an FTE basis for the business segments, All Other and the totalCorporation) for 2025, 2024 and 2023, and total assets at December 31, 2025 and2024 for each business segment, as well as All Other.
Bank of America 166
Results of Business Segments and All Other
At and for the year ended December 31 Total Corporation Consumer Banking
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Net interest income $ 60,705 $ 56,679 $ 57,498 $ 35,309 $ 33,078 $ 33,689
Noninterest income 53,001 49,796 45,838 8,364 8,358 8,342
Total revenue, net of interest expense 113,706 106,475 103,336 43,673 41,436 42,031
Provision for credit losses 5,675 5,821 4,394 4,649 4,987 5,158
Noninterest expense
Compensation and benefits 42,346 40,182 38,330 6,063 5,896 5,983
Other noninterest expense 27,381 26,630 27,515 16,634 16,208 15,433
Total noninterest expense 69,727 66,812 65,845 22,697 22,104 21,416
Income before income taxes 38,304 33,842 33,097 16,327 14,345 15,457
Income tax expense 7,795 6,869 6,792 4,082 3,586 3,864
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305 $ 12,245 $ 10,759 $ 11,593
Year-end total assets $ 3,411,738 $ 3,261,299 $ 1,039,346 $ 1,034,370
Global Wealth & Investment Management Global Banking
2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Net interest income $ 7,197 $ 6,969 $ 7,147 $ 12,611 $ 13,235 $ 14,645
Noninterest income 17,686 15,960 13,958 11,497 10,513 9,910
Total revenue, net of interest expense 24,883 22,929 21,105 24,108 23,748 24,555
Provision for credit losses 35 4 6 943 883 (586)
Noninterest expense
Compensation and benefits 12,064 11,126 10,120 4,670 4,521 4,345
Other noninterest expense 6,557 6,115 5,716 7,746 7,332 6,999
Total noninterest expense 18,621 17,241 15,836 12,416 11,853 11,344
Income before income taxes 6,227 5,684 5,263 10,749 11,012 13,797
Income tax expense 1,557 1,421 1,316 2,956 3,028 3,725
Net income $ 4,670 $ 4,263 $ 3,947 $ 7,793 $ 7,984 $ 10,072
Year-end total assets $ 335,495 $ 338,367 $ 734,710 $ 670,505
Global Markets All Other
2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Net interest income $ 5,690 $ 3,375 $ 1,678 $ (102) $ 22 $ 339
Noninterest income 18,406 18,437 17,855 (2,952) (3,472) (4,227)
Total revenue, net of interest expense 24,096 21,812 19,533 (3,054) (3,450) (3,888)
Provision for credit losses 71 (32) (131) (23) (21) (53)
Noninterest expense
Compensation and benefits 3,923 3,553 3,430 — — —
Other noninterest expense 11,495 10,373 9,776 575 1,688 4,043
Total noninterest expense 15,418 13,926 13,206 575 1,688 4,043
Income (loss) before income taxes 8,607 7,918 6,458 (3,606) (5,117) (7,878)
Income tax expense (benefit) 2,496 2,296 1,776 (3,296) (3,462) (3,889)
Net income (loss) $ 6,111 $ 5,622 $ 4,682 $ (310) $ (1,655) $ (3,989)
Year-end total assets $ 1,032,858 $ 876,548 $ 269,329 $ 341,509
Segment results are presented on an FTE basis and include additional net interest income and income tax expense, related to tax-exempt securities, of $609 million, $619 million and $567 million in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as compared to theConsolidated Statement of Income.There were no material intersegment revenues.Represents the compensation and benefits directly incurred by each segment. Corporate overhead compensation and benefits are allocated to the segments through other noninterest expense.Prior periods have been revised to reflect realignment of certain headcount between segments.
(1)
(2)
(3,4)
(4)
(3,4)
(4)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
167 Bank of America
The table below presents noninterest income and the associated components for 2025, 2024 and 2023, for each business segment, All Other and the total Corporation. Formore information, see Note 2 – Net Interest Income and Noninterest Income.
Noninterest Income by Business Segment and All Other
Total Corporation Consumer Banking Global Wealth &Investment Management
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Fees and commissions:
Card income
Interchange fees $ 3,876 $ 4,013 $ 3,983 $ 3,047 $ 3,194 $ 3,157 $ (36) $ (20) $ (12)
Other card income 2,483 2,271 2,071 2,409 2,238 2,107 69 61 57
Total card income 6,359 6,284 6,054 5,456 5,432 5,264 33 41 45
Service charges
Deposit-related fees 5,044 4,708 4,382 2,528 2,445 2,317 50 44 41
Lending-related fees 1,413 1,347 1,302 — — — 64 53 37
Total service charges 6,457 6,055 5,684 2,528 2,445 2,317 114 97 78
Investment and brokerage services
Asset management fees 15,601 13,875 12,002 245 207 197 15,369 13,668 11,805
Brokerage fees 4,355 3,891 3,561 115 113 111 1,650 1,570 1,408
Total investment and brokerage services 19,956 17,766 15,563 360 320 308 17,019 15,238 13,213
Investment banking fees
Underwriting income 3,320 3,275 2,235 — — — 265 246 171
Syndication fees 1,420 1,221 898 — — — — — —
Financial advisory services 1,890 1,690 1,575 — — — 3 — —
Total investment banking fees 6,630 6,186 4,708 — — — 268 246 171
Total fees and commissions 39,402 36,291 32,009 8,344 8,197 7,889 17,434 15,622 13,507
Market making and similar activities 12,014 12,967 12,732 26 21 20 127 143 137
Other income (loss) 1,585 538 1,097 (6) 140 433 125 195 314
Total noninterest income $ 53,001 $ 49,796 $ 45,838 $ 8,364 $ 8,358 $ 8,342 $ 17,686 $ 15,960 $ 13,958
Global Banking Global Markets All Other
2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023
Fees and commissions:
Card income
Interchange fees $ 800 $ 773 $ 772 $ 65 $ 66 $ 66 $ — $ — $ —
Other card income 16 13 9 — — — (11) (41) (102)
Total card income 816 786 781 65 66 66 (11) (41) (102)
Service charges
Deposit-related fees 2,403 2,128 1,943 59 88 79 4 3 2
Lending-related fees 1,035 1,007 1,009 314 287 256 — — —
Total service charges 3,438 3,135 2,952 373 375 335 4 3 2
Investment and brokerage services
Asset management fees — — — — — — (13) — —
Brokerage fees 79 91 57 2,511 2,128 1,993 — (11) (8)
Total investment and brokerage services 79 91 57 2,511 2,128 1,993 (13) (11) (8)
Investment banking fees
Underwriting income 1,303 1,305 922 1,968 1,892 1,298 (216) (168) (156)
Syndication fees 732 644 505 688 577 393 — — —
Financial advisory services 1,707 1,504 1,392 181 186 183 (1) — —
Total investment banking fees 3,742 3,453 2,819 2,837 2,655 1,874 (217) (168) (156)
Total fees and commissions 8,075 7,465 6,609 5,786 5,224 4,268 (237) (217) (264)
Market making and similar activities 274 275 190 12,064 12,778 13,430 (477) (250) (1,045)
Other income (loss) 3,148 2,773 3,111 556 435 157 (2,238) (3,005) (2,918)
Total noninterest income $ 11,497 $ 10,513 $ 9,910 $ 18,406 $ 18,437 $ 17,855 $ (2,952) $ (3,472) $ (4,227)
Bank of America 168
NOTE 24 Parent Company InformationThe following tables present the Parent Company-only financial information.
Condensed Statement of Income
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Income
Dividends from subsidiaries:
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries $ 33,600 $ 21,300 $ 22,384
Interest from subsidiaries 19,676 21,589 21,314
Other income (loss) (1,336) (1,223) (1,012)
Total income 51,940 41,666 42,686
Expense
Interest on borrowed funds from subsidiaries 1,071 1,108 896
Other interest expense 11,750 14,060 14,119
Noninterest expense 1,576 1,580 1,699
Total expense 14,397 16,748 16,714
Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 37,543 24,918 25,972
Income tax expense 808 773 838
Income before equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries 36,735 24,145 25,134
Equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries:
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries (6,338) 2,750 993
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 112 78 178
Total equity in undistributed earnings (losses) of subsidiaries (6,226) 2,828 1,171
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Condensed Balance Sheet
December 31
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024
Assets
Cash held at bank subsidiaries $ 7,686 $ 4,613
Securities 703 660
Receivables from subsidiaries:
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 254,525 231,931
Banks and related subsidiaries 59 146
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 441 985
Investments in subsidiaries:
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 310,216 309,361
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 3,907 3,783
Other assets 6,246 6,658
Total assets $ 583,783 $ 558,137
Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
Accrued expenses and other liabilities $ 16,498 $ 16,360
Payables to subsidiaries:
Banks and related subsidiaries 214 114
Bank holding companies and related subsidiaries 388 14
Nonbank companies and related subsidiaries 29,324 21,011
Long-term debt 234,116 226,675
Total liabilities 280,540 264,174
Shareholders’ equity 303,243 293,963
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 583,783 $ 558,137
169 Bank of America
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows
(Dollars in millions) 2025 2024 2023
Operating activities
Net income $ 30,509 $ 26,973 $ 26,305
Reconciliation of net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:
Equity in undistributed (earnings) losses of subsidiaries 6,226 (2,828) (1,171)
Other operating activities, net 10,202 1,986 3,395
Net cash provided by operating activities 46,937 26,131 28,529
Investing activities
Net purchases of securities (17) (17) (15)
Net payments from (to) subsidiaries (22,125) 16,858 (21,267)
Other investing activities, net (24) — (43)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (22,166) 16,841 (21,325)
Financing activities
Net increase in short-term borrowings 1 — —
Net increase in other advances 8,748 3,542 2,825
Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 36,510 17,817 23,950
Retirement of long-term debt (38,785) (36,416) (25,366)
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock and warrants 5,493 — —
Redemption of preferred stock (2,669) (5,254) —
Common stock repurchased (21,433) (13,104) (4,576)
Cash dividends paid (9,563) (9,503) (9,087)
Net cash used in financing activities (21,698) (42,918) (12,254)
Net increase (decrease) in cash held at bank subsidiaries 3,073 54 (5,050)
Cash held at bank subsidiaries at January 1 4,613 4,559 9,609
Cash held at bank subsidiaries at December 31 $ 7,686 $ 4,613 $ 4,559
NOTE 25 Performance by Geographical AreaThe Corporation’s operations are highly integrated with operations in both U.S. andnon-U.S. markets. The non-U.S. business activities are largely conducted in Europe,the Middle East and Africa and in Asia. The Corporation identifies its geographicperformance based on the business unit structure used to manage the capital orexpense deployed in the region
as applicable. This requires certain judgments related to the allocation of revenue sothat revenue can be appropriately matched with the related capital or expensedeployed in the region. Certain asset, liability, income and expense amounts havebeen allocated to arrive at total assets, total revenue, net of interest expense, incomebefore income taxes and net income by geographic area as presented below.
(Dollars in millions) Total Assets at YearEnd
Total Revenue, Netof Interest Expense Income BeforeIncome Taxes Net Income
U.S. 2025 $ 2,870,362 $ 97,687 $ 33,397 $ 27,327
2024 2,817,124 92,434 29,701 24,443
2023 89,759 28,721 23,454
Asia 2025 177,742 6,004 1,925 1,402
2024 153,489 5,184 1,616 1,176
2023 4,952 1,512 1,139
Europe, Middle East and Africa 2025 315,024 7,561 1,624 1,151
2024 257,696 6,499 1,061 788
2023 6,393 1,532 1,090
Latin America and the Caribbean 2025 48,610 1,845 749 629
2024 32,990 1,739 845 566
2023 1,665 765 622
Total Non-U.S. 2025 541,376 15,410 4,298 3,182
2024 444,175 13,422 3,522 2,530
2023 13,010 3,809 2,851
Total Consolidated 2025 $ 3,411,738 $ 113,097 $ 37,695 $ 30,509
2024 3,261,299 105,856 33,223 26,973
2023 102,769 32,530 26,305
Total assets include long-lived assets, which are primarily located in the U.S.There were no material intercompany revenues between geographic regions for any of the periods presented.Substantially reflects the U.S.
(1) (2)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(3)
Bank of America 170
Glossary
Alt-A Mortgage – A type of U.S. mortgage that is considered riskier than A-paper, or“prime,” and less risky than “subprime,” the riskiest category. Typically, Alt-Amortgages are characterized by borrowers with less than full documentation, lowercredit scores and higher LTVs.
Assets Under Management (AUM) – The total market value of assets under theinvestment advisory and/or discretion of GWIM which generate asset managementfees based on a percentage of the assets’ market values. AUM reflects assets that aregenerally managed for institutional, high net worth and retail clients, and aredistributed through various investment products including mutual funds, othercommingled vehicles and separate accounts.
Banking Book – All on- and off-balance sheet financial instruments of the Corporationexcept for those positions that are held for trading purposes.
Brokerage and Other Assets – Non-discretionary client assets which are held inbrokerage accounts or held for safekeeping.
Committed Credit Exposure – Any funded portion of a facility plus the unfundedportion of a facility on which the lender is legally bound to advance funds during aspecified period under prescribed conditions.
Credit Derivatives – Contractual agreements that provide protection against aspecified credit event on one or more referenced obligations.
Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to properlyreflect the counterparty credit risk exposure as part of the fair value of derivativeinstruments.
Debit Valuation Adjustment (DVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to properlyreflect the Corporation’s own credit risk exposure as part of the fair value of derivativeinstruments and/or structured liabilities.
Funding Valuation Adjustment (FVA) – A portfolio adjustment required to includefunding costs on uncollateralized derivatives and derivatives where the Corporation isnot permitted to use the collateral it receives.
Interest Rate Lock Commitment (IRLC) – Commitment with a loan applicant inwhich the loan terms are guaranteed for a designated period of time subject to creditapproval.
Letter of Credit – A document issued on behalf of a customer to a third partypromising to pay the third party upon presentation of specified documents. A letter ofcredit effectively substitutes the issuer’s credit for that of the customer.
Loan-to-value (LTV) – A commonly used credit quality metric. LTV is calculated asthe outstanding carrying value of the loan divided by the estimated value of theproperty securing the loan.
Macro Products – Include currencies, interest rates and commodities products.
Margin Receivable – An extension of credit secured by eligible securities in certainbrokerage accounts.
Matched Book – Repurchase and resale agreements or securities borrowed andloaned transactions where the overall asset and liability position is similar in sizeand/or maturity. Generally, these are entered into to accommodate customers wherethe Corporation earns the interest rate spread.
Mortgage Servicing Right (MSR) – The right to service a mortgage loan when theunderlying loan is sold or securitized. Servicing includes collections for principal,interest and escrow payments from borrowers and accounting for and remittingprincipal and interest payments to investors.
Nonperforming Loans and Leases – Includes loans and leases that have beenplaced on nonaccrual status, including nonaccruing loans whose contractual termshave been restructured in a manner that grants a concession to a borrowerexperiencing financial difficulties.
Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) – A framework established by the U.S. bankingregulators requiring banks to maintain certain levels of regulatory capital ratios,comprised of five categories of capitalization: “well capitalized,” “adequatelycapitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” and “criticallyundercapitalized.” Insured depository institutions that fail to meet certain of thesecapital levels are subject to increasingly strict limits on their activities, including theirability to make capital distributions, pay management compensation, grow assets andtake other actions.
Subprime Loans – Although a standard industry definition for subprime loans(including subprime mortgage loans) does not exist, the Corporation defines subprimeloans as specific product offerings for higher risk borrowers.
Value-at-Risk (VaR) – VaR is a model that simulates the value of a portfolio under arange of hypothetical scenarios in order to generate a distribution of potential gainsand losses. VaR represents the loss the portfolio is expected to experience with agiven confidence level based on historical data. A VaR model is an effective tool inestimating ranges of potential gains and losses on our trading portfolios.
171 Bank of America
Key Metrics
Active Digital Banking Users – Mobile and/or online active users over the past 90days.
Active Mobile Banking Users – Mobile active users over the past 90 days.
Book Value – Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending commonshares outstanding.
Common Equity Ratio - Ending common shareholders’ equity divided by ending totalassets.
Deposit Spread – Annualized net interest income divided by average deposits.
Dividend Payout Ratio – Common dividends declared divided by net incomeapplicable to common shareholders.
Efficiency Ratio – Noninterest expense divided by total revenue, net of interestexpense.
Gross Interest Yield – Effective annual percentage rate divided by average loans.
Net Interest Yield – Net interest income divided by average total interest-earningassets.
Operating Margin – Income before income taxes divided by total revenue, net ofinterest expense.
Return on Average Allocated Capital – Adjusted net income divided by allocatedcapital.
Return on Average Assets – Net income divided by total average assets.
Return on Average Common Shareholders’ Equity – Net income applicable tocommon shareholders divided by average common shareholders’ equity.
Return on Average Shareholders’ Equity – Net income divided by averageshareholders’ equity.
Risk-adjusted Margin – Difference between total revenue, net of interest expense,and net charge-offs divided by average loans.
Bank of America 172
Acronyms
ABS Asset-backed securitiesAFS Available-for-saleAI Artificial intelligenceALM Asset and liability managementAUM Assets under managementAVM Automated valuation modelBANA Bank of America, National AssociationBHC Bank holding company
BofAS BofA Securities, Inc.
BofASE BofA Securities Europe SA
bps Basis pointsBSBY Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield IndexCAE Chief Audit ExecutiveCCAR Comprehensive Capital Analysis and ReviewCCP Central counterparty clearinghousesCCPA California’s Consumer Privacy ActCDO Collateralized debt obligationCECL Current expected credit lossesCEO Chief Executive OfficerCET1 Common equity tier 1CFPB Consumer Financial Protection BureauCFTC Commodity Futures Trading CommissionCLO Collateralized loan obligationCLTV Combined loan-to-valueCRO Chief Risk OfficerCVA Credit valuation adjustmentDIF Deposit Insurance FundDTA Deferred tax assetsDVA Debit valuation adjustmentECB European Central BankEPS Earnings per common shareERC Enterprise Risk CommitteeEU European UnionFDIC Federal Deposit Insurance CorporationFDICIA Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
FHA Federal Housing AdministrationFHLB Federal Home Loan BankFHLMC Freddie MacFICC Fixed income, currencies and commoditiesFICO Fair Isaac Corporation (credit score)FLUs Front line unitsFNMA Fannie MaeFTE Fully taxable-equivalentFVA Funding valuation adjustmentGAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ofAmerica
GDPR General Data Protection Regulation
GHG Greenhouse gasGLS Global Liquidity SourcesGNMA Government National Mortgage AssociationGRM Global Risk ManagementG-SIB Global systemically important bankGWIM Global Wealth & Investment Management
HELOC Home equity line of creditHQLA High Quality Liquid AssetsHTM Held-to-maturityICAAP Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process
IRLC Interest rate lock commitment
ISDA International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
LCR Liquidity Coverage RatioLHFS Loans held-for-saleLRR Laws, Rules and RegulationsLTV Loan-to-valueMBS Mortgage-backed securitiesMD&A Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition andResults of Operations
MLI Merrill Lynch International
MLPF&SMerrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
MRC Management Risk CommitteeMSA Metropolitan Statistical AreaMSR Mortgage servicing rightNOL Net operating lossNSFR Net Stable Funding RatioOCC Office of the Comptroller of the CurrencyOCI Other comprehensive incomeOECD Organization for Economic Cooperation and DevelopmentOREO Other real estate ownedOTC Over-the-counterPCA Prompt Corrective ActionRMBS Residential mortgage-backed securitiesRSU Restricted stock unitRWA Risk-weighted assetsSBLC Standby letter of creditSCB Stress capital bufferSEC Securities and Exchange CommissionSIFI Systemically important financial institutionSLR Supplementary leverage ratioSOFR Secured Overnight Financing RateTLAC Total loss-absorbing capacityUDAAP Unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practicesUTB Unrecognized tax benefitsVA U.S. Department of Veterans AffairsVaR Value-at-RiskVIE Variable interest entity
173 Bank of America
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants onAccounting and Financial DisclosureNone
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and ProceduresAs of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of theSecurities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), Bank of America’smanagement, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of our disclosure controlsand procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act).Based upon that evaluation, Bank of America’s Chief Executive Officer and ChiefFinancial Officer concluded that Bank of America’s disclosure controls and procedureswere effective, as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Report of Management on Internal Control Over FinancialReportingThe Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forthon page 88 and incorporated herein by reference. The Report of IndependentRegistered Public Accounting Firm with respect to the Corporation’s internal controlover financial reporting is set forth on pages 89 and 90 and incorporated herein byreference.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingThere have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (asdefined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter endedDecember 31, 2025, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materiallyaffect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Item 9B. Other Information
Trading ArrangementsDuring the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2025, none of the Corporation’sdirectors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of1934, as amended) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408 of RegulationS-K) for the purchase or sale of the Corporation’s securities.
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act of1934Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in itsannual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowinglyengaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or withindividuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosuremay be required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted incompliance with applicable law. As previously disclosed in its related quarterly reportson Form 10-Q, the Corporation identified and reported certain activities pursuant toSection 13(r) for the first, second and third quarters of 2025. The information providedpursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act in Item 5 of the quarters ended March31, 2025, June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 is hereby incorporated by referenceto such reports. Except as set forth below, as of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Corporation is not aware of any otheractivity, transaction or dealing by any of its affiliates during the quarter endedDecember 31, 2025 that requires disclosure under Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act.During the fourth quarter of 2025, Bank of America, National Association (BANA), aU.S. subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation, processed one authorized wirepayment totaling $3,254 pursuant to a general license issued by the U.S. Departmentof the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) regarding certain activitiesin support of nongovernmental organizations. This payment was processed to abeneficiary bank subject to Executive Order 13224. There was no measurable grossrevenue or net profit to the Corporation relating to these transactions, except nominalfees received by BANA for processing payments. The Corporation may in the futureengage in similar transactions for its clients to the extent permitted by U.S. law.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions thatPrevent InspectionsNot applicable.
Part IIIBank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and CorporateGovernance
Information about our Executive OfficersThe name, age, position and office, and business experience of our current executiveofficers are:Dean C. Athanasia (59) Co-President since September 2025; President, RegionalBanking from October 2021 to September 2025; President, Retail and Preferred &Small Business Banking from January 2019 to October 2021; Co-Head -- ConsumerBanking from September 2014 to January 2019; and Preferred and Small BusinessBanking Executive from April 2011 to September 2014.Alastair M. Borthwick (57) Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer since September 2025; Chief Financial Officer from November 2021 toSeptember 2025; President of Global Commercial Banking from October 2012 toOctober 2021.Sheri Bronstein (57) Chief People Officer since March 2025; Chief HumanResources Officer from January 2019 to March 2025; Global Human ResourcesExecutive from July 2015 to January 2019; and HR Executive for Global Banking &Markets from March 2010 to July 2015.James P. DeMare (56) Co-President since September 2025; President, GlobalMarkets from September 2020 to September 2025; Global Co-Head of FICC Tradingand Commercial Real Estate Banking from February 2015 to September 2020.Hari Gopalkrishnan (57) Chief Technology and Information Officer sinceAugust 2025; Chief Information Officer for Consumer, Business & WealthManagement Technology from July 2023 to August 2025; Chief Information Officer forRetail, Preferred, Small Business, and Wealth Management Technology fromSeptember 2021 to July 2023; Head of Client Facing & Operations TechnologyExecutive from July 2021 to September 2021; Head of Client Facing PlatformsTechnology from April 2015 to July 2021; Head of Consumer & Wealth ManagementeCommerce Tech & Consumer Banking Architecture & Strategy from September 2011to April 2015.
Bank of America 174
Geoffrey S. Greener (61) Chief Risk Officer since April 2014; Head of EnterpriseCapital Management from April 2011 to April 2014.Bernard A. Mensah (57) President, International, CEO of Merrill LynchInternational (MLI), BANA London Branch Head since August 2020. President of UKand Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, CEO of MLI, BANA LondonBranch and Co-Head of Global Fixed Income Currency and Commodities (FICC)Trading from September 2019 to August 2020; Co-Head of Global FICC Trading fromMarch 2015 to September 2019.Lauren A. Mogensen (63) Global General Counsel since November 2021; Headof Global Compliance & Operational Risk, and Reputational Risk from December 2013to October 2021.Brian T. Moynihan (66) Chair of the Board since October 2014, and ChiefExecutive Officer, and member of the Board of Directors since January 2010.President, January 2010 to September 2025.Thong M. Nguyen (67) Vice Chair, Head of Global Strategy & EnterprisePlatforms since October 2021; Vice Chairman from January 2019 to October 2021;Co-Head -- Consumer Banking from September 2014 to January 2019; Retail BankingExecutive from April 2014 to September 2014; and Retail Strategy, and Operations &Digital Banking Executive from September 2012 to April 2014.Thomas M. Scrivener (54) Chief Operations Executive since October 2021;Head of Consumer, Small Business & Wealth Management Operations from October2019 to October 2021; Global Real Estate and Enterprise Initiatives Executive fromSeptember 2018 to October 2019; Enterprise Scenario Planning and ExecutionExecutive from May 2016 to September 2018; Enterprise Stress Testing, Recovery &Resolution Planning Executive from June 2014 to March 2016.Bruce R. Thompson (61) Vice Chair, Head of Enterprise Credit since October2021; Vice Chairman, Head of Institutional Credit Exposure Management (fromDecember 2020) and Wholesale Credit Underwriting and Monitoring (from May 2021)to October 2021; Vice Chairman, President of the EU & Switzerland and
CEO of Bank of America Europe DAC from May 2018 to December 2020; ViceChairman of Bank of America Corporation from March 2016 to May 2018; ManagingDirector from July 2015 to March 2016; Chief Financial Officer from July 2011 to July2015.Information included under the following captions in the Corporation’s proxystatement relating to its 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the 2026 ProxyStatement) is incorporated herein by reference:
● “Proposal 1: Electing directors – Our director nominees;”
● “Corporate governance – Additional corporate governance information;”
● “Corporate governance – Committees and membership;” and
● “Corporate governance – Board meetings and attendance.”
● “Stock ownership of directors, executive officers, and certain beneficial owners -Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”
The Corporation has an insider trading policy (Insider Trading Policy) that governsthe purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers,employees and the Corporation itself. We believe the Insider Trading Policy isreasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules andregulations, and any applicable listing standards. A copy of the Insider Trading Policyis filed as Exhibit 19 to this Form 10-K (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19 to theCorporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2025).
Item 11. Executive CompensationInformation included under the following captions in the 2026 Proxy Statement isincorporated herein by reference:
● “Compensation discussion and analysis;”
● “Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report;”
● “Executive compensation;”
● “CEO pay ratio;”
● “Corporate governance;” and
● “Director compensation.”
175 Bank of America
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder MattersInformation included under the following caption in the 2026 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference:
● “Stock ownership of directors, executive officers, and certain beneficial owners.”
The table below presents information on equity compensation plans at December 31, 2025:
Plan Category
(a) Number of Shares tobe Issued UnderOutstanding Options, Warrantsand Rights
(b) Weighted-average ExercisePrice of Outstanding Options,Warrants and Rights
(c) Number of Shares Remainingfor Future Issuance Under EquityCompensation Plans (excludingsecurities reflected in column (a))
Plans approved by shareholders 276,043,362 — 198,266,120
Plans not approved by shareholders — — —
Total 276,043,362 — 198,266,120
This table does not include 385,927 vested restricted stock units (RSUs) and stock option gain deferrals at December 31, 2025 that were assumed by the Corporation in connection with prior acquisitions under whose plans the awards were originally granted.Consists of outstanding RSUs. Includes 5,546,991 vested RSUs subject to a required post-vest holding period.RSUs do not have an exercise price and are delivered without any payment or consideration.Amount represents shares of common stock available for future issuance under the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,and Director IndependenceInformation included under the following captions in the 2026 Proxy Statement isincorporated herein by reference:
● “Related person and certain other transactions;” and
● “Corporate governance – Director independence.”
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and ServicesInformation included under the following caption in the 2026 Proxy Statement isincorporated herein by reference:
● “Proposal 3: Ratifying the appointment of our independent registered publicaccounting firm for 2026.”
(1) (2) (3) (4)
(1)
(2)
(3)
(4)
Bank of America 176
Part IVBank of America Corporation and Subsidiaries