ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Wells Fargo & Company is a corporation organized under the laws
of Delaware and a financial holding company and a bank holding
company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (BHC Act). Its principal business is to act as a
holding company for its subsidiaries. References in this report to
“the Parent” mean the holding company. References to “we,”
“our,” “us” or “the Company” mean the holding company and its
subsidiaries that are consolidated for financial reporting
purposes.
At December 31, 2025, we had assets of approximately
$2.1 trillion, loans of $986.2 billion, deposits of $1.4 trillion and
stockholders’ equity of $181.1 billion. Based on assets, we were
the fourth largest bank holding company in the United States. At
December 31, 2025, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the Bank) was the
Company’s principal subsidiary with assets of $1.8 trillion, or 85%
of the Company’s assets.
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to
those reports, are available for free at www.wellsfargo.com/
about/investor-relations/filings as soon as reasonably practicable
after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). They are also
available for free on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov1.
DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
General
We are a leading financial services company that provides a
diversified set of banking, investment and mortgage products
and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, to
individuals, businesses and institutions, primarily in the U.S., as
well as in countries outside the U.S. We provide consumer
financial products and services including checking and savings
accounts, credit and debit cards, and home, auto, personal, and
small business lending. In addition, we provide personalized
wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending,
private banking, trust and fiduciary products and services. We
also provide financial solutions to private, family owned and
public companies through products and services including
banking and credit products across multiple industry sectors and
municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury
management. We also provide a suite of capital markets, banking
and financial products and services to corporate, commercial real
estate, government and institutional clients through corporate
banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial
real estate lending and servicing, equity and fixed income
solutions, as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities. Our
website address is www.wellsfargo.com.
As of December 31, 2025, we had four reportable operating
segments for management reporting purposes: Consumer
Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and
Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management.
The 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders includes financial
information and descriptions of these operating segments.
1 We do not control this website. Wells Fargo has provided this link for
your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the
content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.
Human Capital
Our people are what set Wells Fargo apart and are critical to our
success. Wells Fargo continues to invest in our employees by
offering market-competitive compensation, career-
development opportunities, a broad array of benefits, and strong
work-life programs. We want to be recognized as a great
company for everyone by maintaining recruitment and career
development practices that support our employees and provide
an environment that welcomes people from different
backgrounds and with different experiences.
At December 31, 2025, we had approximately 205,000 active
employees, with approximately 76% based in the United States.
Our global workforce was 50% female and 50% male. In the U.S.,
50% of our workforce identified as white, 49% identified as other
races/ethnicities, and 1% did not declare.
Compensation and benefits. Wells Fargo's compensation program
is linked to performance management and is designed to
promote prudent risk management and reinforce its culture and
operating standards. The compensation principles include:
• Pay for performance: Compensation is linked to company,
line of business, and individual performance, including
meeting regulatory expectations and creating long-term
value consistent with the interests of shareholders.
• Promote effective risk management: Compensation promotes
effective risk management and discourages imprudent or
excessive risk-taking.
• Attract and retain talent: People are one of Wells Fargo's
competitive advantages; therefore, compensation helps
attract, motivate, and retain people with the skills, talent,
and experience to drive superior long-term company
performance.
In addition, we offer eligible employees and dependents a
comprehensive set of benefits designed to support their physical,
financial, and emotional health to help them make the most of
their well-being.
Employee learning and development. We invest in the
development of our employees and managers. We believe that
when our employees feel properly supported, engaged, and
confident in their skills, they are more effective and can provide
an even better customer experience. During 2025, we invested
approximately $200 million in a variety of employee learning and
development programs, including functional training, required
risk and regulatory compliance training, leadership and
professional development, and early talent development
programs. Additionally, we provide tuition reimbursement to
eligible employees.
Work-life programs. Wells Fargo offers many benefits, programs,
and work arrangements intended to provide employees with
flexibility and work-life balance. For example, employees in
certain non-customer-facing roles continue to have flexibility to
work up to two days a week remotely, and are expected to spend
a minimum of three days a week in the office. Expectations for
other roles, including customer-facing, operations, contact
center, and non-U.S. based employees, vary by business need.

Competition
The financial services industry is highly competitive. Our
subsidiaries compete with financial services providers such as
banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance
companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies,
investment banks, investment advisory firms, and mutual fund
companies. They also face increased competition from nonbank
institutions such as investment managers, brokerage houses,
private equity and private credit firms, and financial technology
companies, as well as from financial services subsidiaries of
commercial and manufacturing companies. Many of these
competitors enjoy fewer regulatory constraints and some may
have lower cost structures.
Securities firms and insurance companies that elect to become
financial holding companies may acquire banks and other
financial institutions. Combinations of this type could
significantly change the competitive environment in which we
conduct business. The financial services industry is also becoming
more competitive as further technological advances and the
expansion of a digital economy have enabled non-depository
institutions to offer products and services traditionally offered
by banks and have enabled financial institutions, technology
companies, and others to deliver electronic and internet-based
financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, lending,
savings, and payment solutions. Additionally, digital assets and
alternative payment methods, such as cryptocurrencies,
stablecoins, and tokens, as well as distributed ledger-based
payment, clearing, and settlement processes have the potential
to reduce reliance on traditional depository institutions and
other financial intermediaries, could lead to a reduction in
deposits at banks, and could lead to changes in how financial
services are accessed, offered, and delivered. These advances,
together with an evolving regulatory environment, could shape
the pace and scale at which these innovations are adopted and, in
turn, impact our competitive landscape.
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION
The U.S. financial services industry is subject to significant
regulation and regulatory oversight initiatives. This regulation
and oversight may continue to impact how U.S. financial services
companies conduct business and may continue to result in
increased regulatory compliance costs.
Banking statutes, regulations and policies are continually under
review by Congress and state legislatures and federal and state
regulatory agencies, as well as non-U.S. governments and
financial regulators, and a change in them, including changes in
how they are interpreted or implemented, could have a material
effect on our business. The regulatory framework applicable to
depository institutions and bank holding companies (BHCs) is
intended to protect depositors, the federal deposit insurance
fund, consumers and the banking system as a whole, and not
necessarily investors in BHCs such as the Company.
Statutes, regulations, and policies could restrict our ability to
diversify into other areas of financial services, make acquisitions,
and pay dividends or repurchase our capital stock. They may also
require us to provide financial support to one or more of our
subsidiary banks, maintain capital in excess of amounts desired
by management, and pay higher deposit insurance premiums as a
result of assessments or a general deterioration in the financial
condition of depository institutions.
The following describes the material elements of the regulatory
framework applicable to us and the more significant regulations
and regulatory oversight initiatives that have affected or may
affect our business. For additional information about the
regulatory matters discussed below and other regulations and
regulatory oversight matters, see the “Capital Management,”
“Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” sections and
Note 25 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other
Restrictions) to Financial Statements in the 2025 Annual Report
to Shareholders.
General
Parent Bank Holding Company. As a BHC, the Parent is subject to
regulation under the BHC Act and to inspection, examination and
supervision by its primary regulator, the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board or FRB). The
Parent is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as
administered by the SEC. As a company with securities listed on
the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the Parent is subject to
the rules of the NYSE for listed companies.
Subsidiary Banks. Our subsidiary national banks, and their
subsidiaries, are subject to regulation and examination primarily
by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) and also
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the FRB,
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), the SEC and
the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC). The non-
U.S. branches, subsidiaries, and offices of our subsidiary national
banks are subject to regulation and examination by their
respective financial regulators as well as by the OCC and the FRB.
Non-U.S. operations of our national bank subsidiaries may be
subject to the laws and regulations of the countries in which they
conduct business.
Nonbank Subsidiaries. Many of our nonbank subsidiaries are also
subject to regulation by the FRB and other applicable federal and
state agencies. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to
regulation by applicable state insurance regulatory agencies, as
well as the FRB. Our brokerage subsidiaries are regulated by the
SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and, in
some cases, the CFTC and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking
Board, and state securities regulators. Our other nonbank
subsidiaries may be subject to the laws and regulations of the
federal government and/or the various states as well as non-U.S.
countries in which they conduct business or operate.
Consent Orders and Other Regulatory Actions
The Company is subject to a consent order and other regulatory
actions, which may require the Company, among other things, to
undertake certain changes to its business, operations, products
and services, and risk management practices, and include the
following.
Federal Reserve Board Consent Order Regarding Governance
Oversight and Compliance and Operational Risk Management. On
February 2, 2018, the Company entered into a consent order
with the FRB requiring the Company’s Board of Directors (Board)
to further enhance the Board’s governance and oversight of the
Company, and the Company to further improve the Company’s
compliance and operational risk management program. On
June 3, 2025, the Company confirmed that the FRB had removed
the Company’s limitation on growth in total assets imposed in

the consent order. The remaining provisions of the consent order
are still in place.
Formal Agreement with the OCC Regarding Anti-Money Laundering
and Sanctions Risk Management Practices. On September 12,
2024, the Company announced that Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
entered into a formal agreement with the OCC requiring the
bank to enhance its anti-money laundering and sanctions risk
management practices.
Parent Bank Holding Company Activities
“Financial in Nature” Requirement. We became a financial holding
company (FHC) effective March 13, 2000. We continue to
maintain our status as a BHC for purposes of various FRB
regulations. As a BHC that has elected to be treated as an FHC
pursuant to the BHC Act, we may affiliate with securities firms
and insurance companies and engage in other activities that are
financial in nature or incidental or complementary to activities
that are financial in nature. “Financial in nature” activities include
securities underwriting, dealing, and market making; sponsoring
mutual funds and investment companies; insurance underwriting
and agency; merchant banking; and activities that the FRB, in
consultation with the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, determines
to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity.
“Complementary activities” are activities that the FRB
determines upon application to be complementary to a financial
activity and do not pose a safety and soundness risk. Financial in
nature activities and incidental or complementary activities are
collectively referred to below as “financial activities”.
FRB approval is generally not required for us to acquire a
company (other than a BHC, bank or savings association)
engaged in financial activities, as determined by the FRB. Prior
notice to the FRB may be required, however, if the company to
be acquired has total consolidated assets of $10 billion or more.
Prior FRB approval is required before we may acquire the
beneficial ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting
shares or substantially all of the assets of a BHC, bank or savings
association. BHCs are also subject to prohibitions on the ability to
merge, acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, or acquire
control of another company if the total resulting consolidated
liabilities would exceed 10% of the aggregate consolidated
liabilities of all financial companies.
Because we are an FHC, if any of our applicable subsidiary banks
receives a rating under the Community Reinvestment Act of
1977, as amended (CRA), of less than satisfactory, we will be
prohibited, until the rating is raised to satisfactory or better,
from engaging in certain new financial activities or acquiring
certain companies engaged in financial activities. CRA
performance is also considered by regulators in reviewing
applications to establish bank branches. In addition, if the FRB
finds that an FHC or any one of its subsidiary banks is not well
capitalized or well managed, the FHC would be required to enter
into an agreement with the FRB to comply with all applicable
capital and management requirements and which may contain
additional limitations or conditions. Until corrected, the FHC
could be prohibited from engaging in any new financial activity or
acquiring companies engaged in financial activities without prior
FRB approval. If the FHC fails to correct any such condition within
a prescribed period, the FRB could order the FHC to divest any of
its banking subsidiaries or, in the alternative, to cease engaging in
financial activities.
Interstate Banking. A BHC may acquire banks in states other than
its home state, subject to any state requirement that the bank
has been organized and operating for a minimum period of time,
not to exceed five years, and the requirement that the BHC not
control, prior to or following the proposed acquisition, more than
10% of the total amount of deposits of insured depository
institutions nationwide or, unless the acquisition is the bank
holding company’s initial entry into the state, more than 30% of
such deposits in the state (or such lesser or greater amount set
by the state). Banks are also authorized to merge across state
lines, subject to the same deposit limits noted above, thereby
creating interstate branches. Banks are also permitted to acquire
and to establish new branches in other states.
Regulatory Approval. In determining whether to approve a
proposed bank acquisition, federal banking regulators will
consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on
competition, financial condition, and future prospects including
current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence,
experience, and integrity of management and record of
compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs
of the communities to be served, including the acquiring
institution’s record of compliance under the CRA, the
effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money
laundering activities and the risk to the stability of the United
States banking system.
Holding Company Structure
Transfer of Funds from Subsidiary Banks. The Parent’s subsidiary
banks are subject to restrictions under federal law that limit the
transfer of funds or other assets from such subsidiaries to the
Parent and its nonbank subsidiaries (including affiliates) in so-
called “covered transactions.” In general, covered transactions
include loans and other extensions of credit, investments and
asset purchases, as well as certain other transactions involving
the transfer of value from a subsidiary bank to an affiliate or for
the benefit of an affiliate. Unless an exemption applies, covered
transactions by a subsidiary bank with a single affiliate are limited
to 10% of the subsidiary bank’s capital and surplus and, with
respect to all covered transactions with affiliates in the
aggregate, to 20% of the subsidiary bank’s capital and surplus.
Also, loans and extensions of credit to affiliates generally must be
secured by qualifying collateral. A bank’s transactions with its
nonbank affiliates are also generally required to be on arm’s
length terms. The Parent's subsidiary banks are also subject to
lending limits and qualitative requirements on loans to executive
officers, directors and principal shareholders of the Parent and its
subsidiary banks.
Source of Strength. The FRB has a policy that a BHC is expected
to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to each of
its subsidiary banks and, under appropriate circumstances, to
commit resources to support each such subsidiary bank. This
support may be required at times when the BHC may not have
the resources to provide the support.
The OCC may order an assessment of the Parent if the capital of
one of its national bank subsidiaries were to become impaired. If
the Parent failed to pay the assessment within three months, the
OCC could order the sale of the Parent’s stock in the national
bank to cover the deficiency.

Depositor Preference. In the event of the “liquidation or other
resolution” of an insured depository institution, the claims of
deposits payable in the United States (including the claims of the
FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors) and certain claims for
administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have
priority over other general unsecured claims against the
institution. If an insured depository institution fails, claims of
insured and uninsured U.S. depositors, along with claims of the
FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured creditors,
including the Parent, and depositors whose deposits are solely
payable at such insured depository institution’s non-U.S. offices.
Liability of Commonly Controlled Institutions. The Company’s
subsidiaries include banks in the U.S., such as Wells Fargo Bank,
N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Under the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act (FDI Act), insured depository institutions can be
held liable for any loss incurred, or reasonably expected to be
incurred, by the FDIC due to the default of an insured depository
institution controlled by the same BHC, and for any assistance
provided by the FDIC to an insured depository institution that is
in danger of default and that is controlled by the same BHC.
“Default” means generally the appointment of a conservator or
receiver. “In danger of default” means generally the existence of
certain conditions indicating that a default is likely to occur in the
absence of regulatory assistance.
Enhanced supervision and regulation of systemically important
firms. The Dodd-Frank Act grants broad authority to federal
banking regulators to establish enhanced supervisory and
regulatory requirements for systemically important firms. The
FRB has a number of regulations implementing enhanced
prudential requirements for large BHCs like Wells Fargo
regarding risk-based capital and leverage, risk and liquidity
management, single counterparty credit limits, and imposing
debt-to-equity limits on any BHC that regulators determine
poses a grave threat to the financial stability of the United
States. The FRB and OCC also have rules implementing stress
testing requirements for large BHCs and national banks.
Furthermore, to promote a BHC’s safety and soundness and the
financial and operational resilience of its operations, the FRB has
established expectations regarding effective boards of directors
of large BHCs. The OCC, under separate authority, has issued
guidelines establishing heightened governance and risk
management standards for large national banks such as Wells
Fargo Bank, N.A. The OCC guidelines require covered banks to
establish and adhere to a written risk governance framework to
manage and control their risk-taking activities. The guidelines
also formalize roles and responsibilities for risk management
practices within covered banks and create certain risk oversight
responsibilities for their boards of directors.
Regulatory Capital, Leverage and Liquidity Requirements
The Company and each of our insured depository institutions are
subject to various regulatory capital adequacy and liquidity
requirements administered by the FRB and the OCC. The capital
rules, among other things, establish required minimum ratios
relating capital to different categories of assets and exposures.
Federal banking regulators have also imposed a leverage ratio
and supplementary leverage ratio on large BHCs, like Wells
Fargo, and their insured depository institutions, as well as a
liquidity coverage ratio and a net stable funding ratio. In addition,
the Company is required to have a minimum amount of equity
and unsecured long-term debt, often referred to as total loss
absorbing capacity, for purposes of resolvability and resiliency.
From time to time, federal banking regulators propose changes
and amendments to, and issue interpretations of, risk-based
capital requirements and related reporting instructions. In
addition, the FRB closely monitors capital levels of the
institutions it supervises and may require such institutions to
modify capital levels based on FRB determinations. Such
determinations, proposals or interpretations could, if
implemented in the future, affect our reported capital ratios and
net risk-adjusted assets.
As an additional means to identify problems in the financial
management of depository institutions, the FDI Act requires
federal banking regulators to establish certain non-capital safety
and soundness standards for institutions for which they are the
primary federal regulator. The standards relate generally to
operations and management, asset quality, interest rate
exposure, executive compensation and risk management. Federal
banking regulators are authorized to take action against
institutions that fail to meet such standards.
The FDI Act requires federal banking regulators to take “prompt
corrective action” with respect to FDIC-insured depository
institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. A
depository institution’s treatment for purposes of the prompt
corrective action provisions will depend upon how its capital
levels compare to various capital measures and certain other
factors, as established by regulation.
In addition, the FRB’s capital plan rule establishes capital planning
and other requirements that govern capital distributions,
including dividends and share repurchases, by certain BHCs,
including Wells Fargo. Federal banking regulators also require
stress tests to evaluate whether an institution has sufficient
capital to continue to operate during periods of adverse
economic and financial conditions.
For additional information on our capital requirements and
planning, as well as the leverage and liquidity rules applicable to
us, see the “Capital Management” and “Risk Management –
Asset/Liability Management – Liquidity Risk and Funding –
Liquidity Standards” sections in the 2025 Annual Report to
Shareholders.
“Living Will” Requirements and Related Matters
Living Will. Rules adopted by the FRB and the FDIC under the
Dodd-Frank Act require large financial institutions, including
Wells Fargo, to prepare and periodically submit resolution plans,
also known as “living wills,” designed to facilitate their rapid and
orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or
failure. Under the rules, rapid and orderly resolution means a
reorganization or liquidation of a covered company under the
U.S. Bankruptcy Code that can be accomplished in a reasonable
period of time and in a manner that substantially mitigates the
risk that failure would have serious adverse effects on the
financial stability of the United States. In addition to the
Company’s resolution plan, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Bank”) is
also required to prepare and periodically submit a resolution plan.
If the FRB and FDIC determine that our resolution plan has
deficiencies, they may impose more stringent capital, leverage or
liquidity requirements on us or restrict our growth, activities or
operations until we adequately remedy the deficiencies. If the
FRB and FDIC ultimately determine that we have been unable to
remedy any deficiencies, they could require us to divest certain
assets or operations.

If Wells Fargo were to fail, it may be resolved in a bankruptcy
proceeding or, if certain conditions are met, under the resolution
regime created by the Dodd-Frank Act known as the “orderly
liquidation authority.” The orderly liquidation authority allows for
the appointment of the FDIC as receiver for a systemically
important financial institution that is in default or in danger of
default if, among other things, the resolution of the institution
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code would have serious adverse
effects on financial stability in the United States. If the FDIC is
appointed as receiver for the Parent, then the orderly liquidation
authority, rather than the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, would
determine the powers of the receiver and the rights and
obligations of our security holders. The FDIC’s orderly liquidation
authority requires that security holders of a company in
receivership bear all losses before U.S. taxpayers are exposed to
any losses. There are substantial differences in the rights of
creditors between the orderly liquidation authority and the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code, including the right of the FDIC to disregard the
strict priority of creditor claims under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code
in certain circumstances and the use of an administrative claims
procedure instead of a judicial procedure to determine creditors’
claims.
The strategy described in our most recent resolution plan is a
single point of entry strategy, in which the Parent would be the
only material legal entity to enter resolution proceedings.
However, the strategy described in our resolution plan is not
binding in the event of an actual resolution of Wells Fargo,
whether conducted under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or by the
FDIC under the orderly liquidation authority. The FDIC has
announced that a single point of entry strategy may be a
desirable strategy under its implementation of the orderly
liquidation authority, but not all aspects of how the FDIC might
exercise this authority are known and additional rulemaking is
possible.
To facilitate the orderly resolution of systemically important
financial institutions in case of material distress or failure, federal
banking regulations require that institutions, such as Wells Fargo,
maintain a minimum amount of equity and unsecured debt to
absorb losses and recapitalize operating subsidiaries. Federal
banking regulators have also required measures to facilitate the
continued operation of operating subsidiaries notwithstanding
the failure of their parent companies, such as limitations on
parent guarantees, and have issued guidance encouraging
institutions to take legally binding measures to provide capital
and liquidity resources to certain subsidiaries to facilitate an
orderly resolution.
Support Agreement. In response to the regulators’ guidance and
to facilitate the orderly resolution of the Company, on June 28,
2017, the Parent entered into a support agreement, as amended
and restated on June 26, 2019 (the “Support Agreement”), with
WFC Holdings, LLC, an intermediate holding company and
subsidiary of the Parent (the “IHC”), the Bank, Wells Fargo
Securities, LLC (WFS), Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC (WFCS),
and certain other subsidiaries of the Parent designated from
time to time as material entities for resolution planning purposes
(the “Covered Entities”) or identified from time to time as
related support entities in our resolution plan (the “Related
Support Entities”). Pursuant to the Support Agreement, the
Parent transferred a significant amount of its assets, including
the majority of its cash, deposits, liquid securities and
intercompany loans (but excluding its equity interests in its
subsidiaries and certain other assets), to the IHC and will
continue to transfer those types of assets to the IHC from time
to time. In the event of our material financial distress or failure,
the IHC will be obligated to use the transferred assets to provide
capital and/or liquidity to the Bank, WFS, WFCS, and the Covered
Entities pursuant to the Support Agreement. Under the Support
Agreement, the IHC will also provide funding and liquidity to the
Parent through subordinated notes and a committed line of
credit, which, together with the issuance of dividends, is expected
to provide the Parent, during business as usual operating
conditions, with the same access to cash necessary to service its
debts, pay dividends, repurchase its shares, and perform its other
obligations as it would have had if it had not entered into these
arrangements and transferred any assets. If certain liquidity and/
or capital metrics fall below defined triggers, or if the Parent’s
board of directors authorizes it to file a case under the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code, the subordinated notes would be forgiven, the
committed line of credit would terminate, and the IHC’s ability to
pay dividends to the Parent would be restricted, any of which
could materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and
its ability to satisfy its debts and other obligations, and could
result in the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings by the
Parent at an earlier time than might have otherwise occurred if
the Support Agreement were not implemented. The respective
obligations under the Support Agreement of the Parent, the IHC,
the Bank, and the Related Support Entities are secured pursuant
to a related security agreement.
Recovery Plan. In addition to our resolution plans, we must also
prepare and periodically submit to the FRB a recovery plan that
identifies a range of options that we may consider during times
of idiosyncratic or systemic economic stress to remedy any
financial weaknesses and restore market confidence without
extraordinary government support. Recovery options include the
possible sale, transfer or disposal of assets, securities, loan
portfolios or businesses. The Bank must also prepare and
periodically submit to the OCC a recovery plan that sets forth the
Bank’s plan to remain a going concern when the Bank is
experiencing considerable financial or operational stress, but has
not yet deteriorated to the point where liquidation or resolution
is imminent. If either the FRB or the OCC determines that our
recovery plan is deficient, they may impose fines, restrictions on
our business or ultimately require us to divest assets. In
October 2025, the OCC proposed a rule that would rescind their
recovery planning guidelines.
Dividend and Share Repurchase Restrictions
The Parent is a legal entity separate and distinct from its
subsidiary banks and other subsidiaries. A significant source of
funds to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and
principal and interest on our debt is dividends from the Parent’s
subsidiaries. Various federal and state statutory provisions and
regulations limit the amount of dividends the Parent’s subsidiary
banks and certain other subsidiaries may pay without regulatory
approval. Federal banking regulators have the authority to
prohibit the Parent’s subsidiary banks from engaging in unsafe or
unsound practices in conducting their businesses. The payment
of dividends, depending on the financial condition of the bank in
question, could be deemed an unsafe or unsound practice.
Similarly, as part of their supervisory authority, regulators may
limit or restrict subsidiary capital distributions. The ability of the
Parent’s subsidiary banks to pay dividends in the future is
currently, and could be further, influenced by bank regulatory
policies and capital requirements. For information about the
restrictions applicable to the Parent’s subsidiary banks, see Note

25 (Regulatory Capital Requirements and Other Restrictions) to
Financial Statements in the 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders.
Furthermore, under the Support Agreement, the IHC may be
restricted from making dividend payments to the Parent if
certain liquidity and/or capital metrics fall below defined triggers,
or if the Parent’s board of directors authorizes it to file a case
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Any such restriction could
materially and adversely impact the Parent’s liquidity and its
ability to satisfy its debt and other obligations, as well as its
ability to make dividend payments on its common and preferred
stock. See the “Risk Factors” section of the 2025 Annual Report
to Shareholders for additional information on the Support
Agreement.
In addition to these restrictions on the ability of our subsidiary
banks to pay dividends to us, the FRB requires large BHCs,
including Wells Fargo, to submit annual capital plans describing
planned capital distributions, such as the payment of dividends
and share repurchases. Large BHCs, like Wells Fargo, and their
insured depository institutions also must comply with various
capital requirements, including the reforms known as Basel III, as
well as rules that establish leverage and supplementary leverage
ratio requirements. We are also subject to the FRB's rule
implementing an additional capital surcharge on those U.S.
banking organizations, such as the Company, that are designated
as global systemically important banks (G-SIBs). The failure to
meet any of these requirements could result in limitations or
restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions.
In addition, the FRB’s enhanced supervision regulations for large
BHCs, like Wells Fargo, impose capital distribution restrictions,
including on the payment of dividends, upon the occurrence of
capital, stress test, risk management, or liquidity risk
management triggers. For additional information on regulations
or arrangements that may impose capital distribution
restrictions on the Company and its subsidiaries, see the “Capital
Management” and “Risk Factors” sections of the 2025 Annual
Report to Shareholders.
Deposit Insurance Assessments
The Company’s subsidiaries include banks, such as Wells Fargo
Bank, N.A., that are insured by the FDIC. Through the Deposit
Insurance Fund (DIF) maintained by the FDIC, the FDIC insures
the deposits of our insured banks up to prescribed limits for each
depositor and funds the DIF through assessments on member
banks. To maintain the DIF, member institutions are assessed an
insurance premium based on an assessment base and an
assessment rate.
The FDIC has adopted a comprehensive, long-range plan for DIF
management, targeting a designated reserve ratio of 2%. In
addition, the FDIC may recover by special assessment on
member banks losses to the DIF as a result of resolving a failed
bank. For additional information about our FDIC deposit
assessment expense, see Note 20 (Revenue and Expenses) to
Financial Statements in the 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders.
The FDIC may terminate a depository institution’s deposit
insurance upon a finding that the institution’s financial condition
is unsafe or unsound or that the institution or its directors have
engaged in unsafe or unsound practices or have violated any
applicable law, regulation, order or condition enacted or imposed
by the institution’s regulatory agency. The termination of deposit
insurance for one or more of our bank subsidiaries could result in
a significant loss of deposits and have a material adverse effect
on our liquidity and earnings, depending on the collective size of
the particular banks involved.
Fiscal and Monetary Policies
Our business and earnings are affected significantly by the fiscal
and monetary policies of the federal government and its
agencies. We are particularly affected by the monetary policies of
the FRB, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the
United States. Among the instruments of monetary policy
available to the FRB are (a) conducting open market operations
in United States government securities, (b) changing the
discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions, (c)
imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository
institutions’ deposits, and (d) imposing or changing reserve
requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their
affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and
combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and
deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid
on deposits. The policies of the FRB may have a material effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Privacy Provisions and the Sharing of Personal Financial Data
Federal banking regulators, as required under the Gramm-Leach-
Bliley Act (GLB Act), have adopted rules limiting the ability of
banks and other financial institutions to disclose nonpublic
information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. The
rules require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in
some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of
certain personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. The
privacy provisions of the GLB Act affect how consumer
information is transmitted through diversified financial services
companies and conveyed to outside vendors. The Fair Credit
Reporting Act imposes requirements regarding sharing certain
information about consumers among affiliated companies. Under
these requirements, consumers have the option to opt out from
affiliated companies sharing certain information among the
affiliates, depending on the information and purpose of sharing.
Personal Financial Data Rights. In October 2024, the CFPB issued
a rule pursuant to section 1033 of the Dodd-Frank Act that
requires financial service providers to make consumers’ data
available upon request to consumers and authorized third
parties. Given the rule’s requirement to share customer
information with authorized third parties, some of whom could
be non-financial institutions, the rule could result in increased
fraud, data misuse, and competition. In October 2025, a federal
court stayed the rule’s compliance deadline pending the CFPB’s
reassessment of the rule.
Regulation of Consumer Financial Products
Consumer financial products are subject to numerous and, in
many cases, highly complex federal and state consumer
protection laws and regulations. In particular, the CFPB
implements and enforces regulations designed to ensure that
consumers receive timely, clear, and accurate disclosures
regarding financial products and are protected from unfair,
deceptive or abusive practices. The CFPB has rules impacting
consumer financial products, including rules impacting residential
mortgage lending, credit cards, and other financial products and
banking related activities, as well as the fees that may be charged
for certain banking products and services. In addition, the CFPB
may conduct ongoing supervisory examination activities of the
financial services industry with respect to a number of consumer

businesses and products, including mortgage lending and
servicing, fair lending requirements, and auto finance.
Regulation of Swaps and Other Derivatives Activities
The CFTC and the SEC have adopted comprehensive sets of rules
regulating swaps and security-based swaps, respectively, and the
OCC and other federal regulatory agencies have adopted margin
requirements for uncleared swaps and security-based swaps. As a
registered swap dealer and a conditionally-registered security-
based swap dealer, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., is subject to these
rules.
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley) implemented
a broad range of corporate governance and accounting measures
designed to increase corporate responsibility, provide for
enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at
publicly traded companies, and protect investors by improving
the accuracy and reliability of disclosures under federal securities
laws. We are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley because we are required
to file periodic reports with the SEC under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Among other things, Sarbanes-Oxley and/
or its implementing regulations established membership
requirements and additional responsibilities for our audit
committee, imposed restrictions on the relationship between us
and our outside auditors (including restrictions on the types of
non-audit services our auditors may provide to us), imposed
additional responsibilities for our external financial statements
on our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, expanded
the disclosure requirements for our corporate insiders, required
our management to evaluate our disclosure controls and
procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and
required our independent registered public accounting firm to
issue a report on our internal control over financial reporting.
USA PATRIOT Act
The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act) is intended to strengthen the
ability of U.S. law enforcement agencies and intelligence
communities to work together to combat terrorism on a variety
of fronts. The USA PATRIOT Act has significant implications for
depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses
involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act requires
the implementation of policies and procedures relating to anti-
money laundering, economic sanctions, suspicious activities, and
currency transaction reporting and due diligence on customers.
The USA PATRIOT Act also requires federal banking regulators to
evaluate the effectiveness of an applicant in combating money
laundering in determining whether to approve a proposed bank
acquisition.
Future Legislation or Regulation
Economic, market and political conditions during the past several
years have led to a significant amount of legislation and
regulation in the U.S. and abroad affecting the financial services
industry, as well as heightened expectations and scrutiny of
financial services companies from banking regulators. Further
legislative changes and additional regulations may change our
operating environment in substantial and unpredictable ways.
Such legislation and regulations or any change in regulatory
expectations could increase our cost of doing business, affect our
compensation structure, restrict or expand the activities in which
we may engage, or affect our competitive landscape. We cannot
predict whether future legislative proposals will be enacted and,
if enacted, the effect that they, or any implementing regulations,
would have on our business, results of operations or financial
condition.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information in response to this Item 1 can be found in
the 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial
Review” and under “Financial Statements.” That information is
incorporated into this item by reference.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
Information in response to this Item 1A can be found in this
report under Item 1 and in the 2025 Annual Report to
Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk Factors.” That
information is incorporated into this item by reference.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY
Information in response to this Item 1C can be found in the 2025
Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk
Management – Operational Risk Management.” That information
is incorporated into this item by reference.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
December 31, 2025
Approximate
square footage
(in millions)
We occupy properties in:
Top U.S. locations:
Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia, NC-SC 5.3
Minneapolis-St. Paul-Bloomington, MN-WI 2.9
New York-Newark-Jersey City, NY-NJ-PA 2.7
Los Angeles-Long Beach-Anaheim, CA 2.6
Phoenix-Mesa-Chandler, AZ 2.5
Dallas-Fort Worth-Arlington, TX 2.3
San Francisco-Oakland-Berkeley, CA metro area (including corporate headquarters in San Francisco) 2.1
St. Louis, MO-IL 1.9
Des Moines-West Des Moines, IA 1.6
Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV 1.1
Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD 1.1
All other U.S. locations 26.6
Total United States 52.8
Top International locations:
India 4.3
Philippines 1.3
United Kingdom 0.2
All other international locations 0.3
Total International 6.1
Total square footage of property occupied for business operations (1)
(1) In addition to the total square footage of property occupied, Wells Fargo held 5.8 million square feet of real estate as of December 31, 2025, that was vacant pending disposition, leased to retail
tenants or leased-to-term by third-party office tenants.
As of December 31, 2025, we provided a diversified set of ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well
as consumer and commercial finance, through banking locations Information in response to this Item 3 can be found in the 2025
and offices. The locations and offices occupied by the Company Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements –
are used across all of our reportable operating segments and for Notes to Financial Statements – Note 12 (Legal Actions).” That
corporate purposes. We continue to evaluate our owned and information is incorporated into this item by reference.
leased properties and may determine from time to time that
certain of our properties are no longer necessary for our ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES operations. There is no assurance that we will be able to dispose
of any excess properties or that we will not incur charges in Not applicable.
connection with such dispositions, which could be material to our
operating results in a given period.
58.9

PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES
MARKET INFORMATION
The Company’s common stock is listed on the NYSE (symbol
“WFC”). The “Stock Performance” section of the 2025 Annual
Report to Shareholders provides stockholder return comparisons
and is incorporated herein by reference. At February 13, 2026,
there were 155,031 holders of record of the Company’s common
stock.
DIVIDENDS
The dividend restrictions discussions in the “Regulation and
Supervision – Dividend and Share Repurchase Restrictions”
section under Item 1 of this report and in the 2025 Annual
Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements – Notes to
Financial Statements – Note 25 (Regulatory Capital
Requirements and Other Restrictions)” are incorporated into this
item by reference.
REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
The information in the “Capital Management – Securities
Repurchases” section in the 2025 Annual Report to Shareholders
is incorporated into this item by reference.
The following table shows Company repurchases of its common
stock for each calendar month in the quarter ended
December 31, 2025.
Approximate dollar
value of shares that
may yet be
repurchased under
Total number of Weighted average the authorization
Calendar month shares repurchased (1) price paid per share (in millions)
October 26,400,000 $ 85.75 32,494
November 31,815,637 86.00 29,758
December — — 29,758
Total 58,215,637
(1) All shares were repurchased under an authorization covering up to $40 billion of common stock approved by the Board of Directors and publicly announced by the Company on April 29, 2025. Unless
modified or revoked by the Board of Directors, this authorization does not expire.
ITEM 6. [RESERVED]
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS
Information in response to this Item 7 can be found in the
2025 Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review.”
That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK
Information in response to this Item 7A can be found in the 2025
Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Review – Risk
Management – Asset/Liability Management.” That information is
incorporated into this item by reference.
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
Information in response to this Item 8 can be found in the 2025
Annual Report to Shareholders under “Financial Statements,”
under “Notes to Financial Statements” and under “Quarterly
Financial Data.” That information is incorporated into this item
by reference.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
Not applicable.
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Information in response to this Item 9A can be found in the 2025
Annual Report to Shareholders under “Controls and Procedures.”
That information is incorporated into this item by reference.
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
Trading Plans
During the three months ended December 31, 2025, no director
or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) of
the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading
arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as
each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K.
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act
Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, an issuer is
required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as
applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in
certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to the
Government of Iran or with certain individuals or entities that are
the subject of sanctions under U.S. law. Disclosure may be
required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were
conducted in compliance with applicable law.
In first quarter 2025, the Company identified, as well as blocked
and reported to the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), accounts held by certain
consumer customers who the Company determined met the
OFAC definition of the “Government of Iran” because of their
employment at entities owned by the Government of Iran.
During first quarter 2025, before the accounts were closed and
the funds, if any, were moved to a blocked account, there was
some regular consumer activity in certain of the accounts,
including customer deposits, withdrawals, and payments, and
account maintenance activities. The Company’s gross revenue
attributable to these accounts in 2025 was de minimis. The
Company does not intend to engage in further activity with these
accounts.
ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT
PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.

PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Muneera S. Carr (age 57)
Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller since March 2020.
Ms. Carr has served with the Company for 6 years.
Bridget Engle (age 62)
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Technology since August 2024;
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, and Global Head of Engineering at Bank of New York Mellon, a
financial services company, from June 2017 to June 2024.
Ms. Engle has served with the Company for 1 year.
Kristy Fercho (age 59)
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Inclusion since May 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President leading efforts related to growth segments and inclusion from October 2022 to May 2025;
Executive Vice President and Head of Home Lending from July 2020 to April 2023.
Ms. Fercho has served with the Company for 5 years.
Derek A. Flowers (age 54)
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer since January 2022;
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Strategic Execution and Operations from June 2019 to January 2022.
Mr. Flowers has served with the Company or its predecessors for 27 years.
Kyle G. Hranicky (age 56)
Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Commercial Banking since September 2021;
Executive Vice President and Head of Wells Fargo Middle Market Banking from August 2018 to September 2021.
Mr. Hranicky has served with the Company or its predecessors for 31 years.
Bei Ling (age 55)
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Human Resources since October 2021;
Managing Director, Human Resources at JPMorgan Chase & Co., a financial services company, from April 2013 to
September 2021.
Ms. Ling has served with the Company for 4 years.
Ellen R. Patterson (age 52)
Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel since March 2020.
Ms. Patterson has served with the Company for 5 years.
Scott E. Powell (age 63)
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2019.
Mr. Powell has served with the Company for 6 years.
Fernando S. Rivas (age 51)
Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Corporate and Investment Banking since January 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President and Co-CEO of Corporate and Investment Banking from May 2024 to January 2025;
Managing Director, Investment Banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co., a financial services company, from September 2023 to
February 2024;
Head of North American Investment Banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from February 2020 to September 2023.
Mr. Rivas has served with the Company for 1 year.
Jason Rosenberg (age 48)
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Public Affairs since April 2024;
Head of Corporate Affairs at Block, Inc., a financial services technology company, from September 2022 to April 2024;
Managing Director, Head of U.S. Government Relations at JPMorgan Chase & Co., a financial services company, from
October 2012 to September 2022.
Mr. Rosenberg has served with the Company for 1 year.
Michael P. Santomassimo (age 50)
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2020.
Mr. Santomassimo has served with the Company for 5 years.

Kleber R. Santos (age 52)
Senior Executive Vice President and Co-CEO of Consumer Banking and Lending since November 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Consumer Lending from July 2022 to November 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President leading efforts related to growth segments and inclusion from November 2020 to
October 2022.
Mr. Santos has served with the Company for 5 years.
Charles W. Scharf (age 60)
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President since October 2025;
Chief Executive Officer and President from October 2019 to October 2025.
Mr. Scharf has served with the Company for 6 years.
Barry Sommers (age 56)
Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Wealth and Investment Management since June 2020.
Mr. Sommers has served with the Company for 5 years.
Saul Van Beurden (age 56)
Senior Executive Vice President, Co-CEO of Consumer Banking and Lending, and Head of Artificial Intelligence since
November 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President and CEO of Consumer, Small and Business Banking from May 2023 to November 2025;
Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Technology from April 2019 to May 2023.
Mr. Van Beurden has served with the Company for 6 years.
There is no family relationship between any of the Company’s executive officers or directors. All executive officers serve at the pleasure
of the Board of Directors.
AUDIT COMMITTEE INFORMATION
The Audit Committee is a standing audit committee of the Board
of Directors established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Committee has four
members: Mark A. Chancy, Theodore F. Craver, Jr. (Chair), CeCelia
G. Morken, and Ronald L. Sargent. Each member is independent,
as independence for audit committee members is defined by
NYSE rules. The Board of Directors has determined, in its
business judgment, that each member of the Audit Committee is
financially literate, as required by NYSE rules, and that Messrs.
Chancy, Craver, Jr., and Sargent each qualifies as an “audit
committee financial expert” as defined by SEC regulations.
CODE OF CONDUCT
The Company’s Code of Conduct applicable to employees
(including executive officers) as well as directors, the Company’s
corporate governance guidelines, and the charters for the Audit,
Governance and Nominating, Human Resources, Finance, and
Risk Committees are available at www.wellsfargo.com/about/
corporate/governance. We intend to post on our website any
amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Code of
Conduct that applies to our directors or executive officers.

INSIDER TRADING POLICIES AND ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
PROCEDURES
The Company has adopted insider trading policies and
procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other
dispositions of the Company’s securities by directors, officers,
employees, and the Company itself, that we believe are
reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading
laws, rules and regulations, and the listing standards of the NYSE
applicable to us. These policies and procedures are reflected in
(i) the section of our Code of Conduct related to insider trading
and other trading restrictions, which is applicable to all
employees and directors; (ii) our Insider Trading Activity Policy,
which is applicable to directors, officers, and certain other
employees; and (iii) our Company Securities Issuance and
Repurchase Policy, which is applicable to transactions by the
Company. Each of these documents is filed under Exhibit 19 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Additional information with respect to our directors, executive
officers, and corporate governance in response to this Item 10
will be in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this
item by reference.
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information with respect to our executive officer and director
compensation and with respect to the Human Resources
Committee of the Board of Directors in response to this Item 11
will be in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated into this
item by reference.
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information with respect to certain relationships and related
transactions and director independence in response to this
Item 13 will be in the 2026 Proxy Statement and is incorporated
into this item by reference.
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES
AND SERVICES
Information with respect to principal accountant fees and
services in response to this Item 14 will be in the 2026 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated into this item by reference.
PART IV